Tim Sackton: Okay, we ready to get started.
Tim Sackton: Are you still reading.
Mike: Yeah, I'm just reading the notes. But you can. We can get started. Just give me
Mike: yes, yeah. Actually give me give me a couple of minutes here. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Okay, no worries.
Tim Sackton: So okay, so we begin as the party reunites after
Tim Sackton: kenzo and Dalwith have spent the night on Tiberius's ship. The Oratin's Pride. Oratin is the
Tim Sackton: family name of the magistrate, so this is one of his like naval flagships, and spend some time talking to Tiberius about Chalite politics
Tim Sackton: where Welby has spent the night at the Smiling Crab. A Halfling inn nested along the north edge of the docks
Tim Sackton: near the Chardon bridge.
Tim Sackton: and we resume at breakfast at the quiet sailor's tavern, the barking seal, where Welby has arranged a private room
Tim Sackton: for you to meet and discuss your next steps. Seeker 3 no longer. A seagull
Tim Sackton: comes in huffing and puffing and apologizes, and
Tim Sackton: I wish I could stay and be part of this conversation. But secret prime.
Tim Sackton: There's a very important errand. There's a
Tim Sackton: a book with some detailed research about the melting point of various kinds of stone that
Tim Sackton: faldrick and seeker need for some
Tim Sackton: tests. They are apparently running. I didn't quite hear the details. Something about volcanoes.
Tim Sackton: Anyway.
Tim Sackton: I'll be back
Tim Sackton: at some point, but I need to deliver the book first.st Oh, and and don't don't forget.
Tim Sackton: Resistance to fire is very important.
Tim Sackton: Make sure you find it secret. Doesn't want you all to die. He's fine. He says he's fine. I'm ice. I'll just melt. But that's okay. He can make a new one of me.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the rest of you, though.
Tim Sackton: He has a theory. But if it doesn't work
Tim Sackton: that protection is going to be important anyway.
Tim Sackton: Enjoy your breakfast.
Tim Sackton: See here, through leaves.
Tim Sackton: So as we begin just to recap in case you don't remember all of the people. So Tiberius.
Tim Sackton: close ally of Midas, are a Torian
Tim Sackton: Aurortan. Sorry, not a Torian, Midas Aurortan, the Magistros, also a powerful wizard in his own right, although not as powerful as seeker
Tim Sackton: captain of well wind collar, which is not quite the same as captain, although
Tim Sackton: in a lot of ways has more control.
Tim Sackton: Of the Orortan's pride.
Tim Sackton: The characters of the eightfold flame. You spoke to Kenzo's friend Xavier. His sister Adena.
Tim Sackton: then Andros Orsino, and a woman who just went by the nickname red respectively.
Tim Sackton: Read the a representative of the Crane operators, guilds.
Tim Sackton: Well, there's not any guilds right? It's just a representative of the Crane operator, the crane operators in general
Tim Sackton: or Sino, who is sort of like a labor foreman, was the guy who ran, you know, when the just as a reminder, the way the Chelite workers, the Chelite refineries. Work is there's not.
Tim Sackton: Nobody is hired for like an 8 h shift. They don't work with. Nobody has regular wages. Just when an orboat comes in. They'll go recruit a bunch of people and they'll pay him. X amount
Tim Sackton: to work to process that ore.
Tim Sackton: And so there's like labor organizers basically who
Tim Sackton: help make sure that the people who need coin the most get
Tim Sackton: in the front of the line for jobs when there's jobs.
Tim Sackton: But it's not really steady pay. Nobody gets a salary or anything like that. It's all piecework.
Tim Sackton: And then Andros, who is a little, is not
Tim Sackton: as prominent, but knows a lot of people, because he acts as kind of a liaison between the abolitionists
Tim Sackton: who are priestly, a priestly group that is super anti chelate, and just wants to get rid of it all, but
Tim Sackton: has a lot of low level clerics and things, who help out with
Tim Sackton: people injured and make sure people don't die from their chelate burns during explosions and things like that. And Andros is kind of the guy who
Tim Sackton: goes around and checks up on people. So he has a lot of friends, but not a lot of clout.
Tim Sackton: and you had sent them off to like get organized. So there's somebody ready to talk when we bring the magisters to the table, but at the moment not sure what they're up to.
Tim Sackton: It's only been 12, you know, 16 h since he talked to them.
David S. Kong: Wait. Sorry, Tim, just to apologize if I missed this. So Tiberi. So last time, when my guy was Xavier Xavier introduced us to the.
David S. Kong: to the the 2 people that were kind of representing the
David S. Kong: the working class. Yeah. And there was the tension red. What was the name of red the red? Was it just red.
Tim Sackton: Ed. She was the Crane operator. She was like the hardliner she was.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, she's the hardliner. That's like we need to destroy all the refineries the moderate guy was like where all the jobs what was his name again?
Tim Sackton: Or Sino? He's the like foreman. He's like
Tim Sackton: people need money. We just need better working conditions.
David S. Kong: The moderate, more practical Guy, and then they said, we should go speak with Tiberius.
Tim Sackton: Delweth sent his links with a message to the magistrates, just saying, Let's talk. Okay. And the magistrates sent a message back, saying, Go talk to my Buddy Tiberius on his ship.
David S. Kong: Got it. Okay? Okay? And then we. And then this, what you sent is a summary of our conversation with Tiberius.
Tim Sackton: So. So you talked for a while. You most of you like you convinced Tiberius that you guys weren't doppelgangers, which was his main.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, he was the right right. He was the guy that we we.
Tim Sackton: He was like, how do I know you're not? You didn't just take the crown and make new doppelgangers. And now, right.
Tim Sackton: that's all.
Tim Sackton: So you convinced him that wasn't true, mostly by letting him read your minds.
David S. Kong: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: Welby left at the end of last session to go stay in a Halfling tavern. But Kenzo and Delwith.
David S. Kong: We stayed on the ship.
Tim Sackton: The ship, and so you then had time for a more extended conversation about Chile.
David S. Kong: Okay, got it, got it, got it, got it?
Tim Sackton: Come.
Tim Sackton: and none, I mean Kenzo knows a bit of the vibe of the city, but, like, when you were growing up, you never paid attention to politics like, you know, the you know the slums, you know, the chelite levels and and the basin and the riverside slums and everything on the north bank.
David S. Kong: So here's a question from the conversation with Tiberius.
David S. Kong: You know, Penz Lens is always thinking about
David S. Kong: the working class. Kind of folks right? That's kind of his, his people. So
David S. Kong: what's his vibe of Tiberius's take? Because Tiberius is like, oh, this Chelite! All the stuff related to Chelite dangerous, not everybody should have access to it.
David S. Kong: What was his take on Tiberius's like kind of
David S. Kong: class analysis? Was he sort of like, oh, like the working people are too dumb, and they shouldn't like touch it because they're like too stupid to like. They're not responsible enough to handle this very powerful magic, or is he more like? What's his? What's tenzo's read on.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't really think much about the working class as you read, but to the extent he does, it's not. The working class is dumb. It's.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The people who are making these refineries don't know how to safely handle chelite.
David S. Kong: Got it. So he's critical of the families.
Tim Sackton: Well, he's just critical. He's quite anti the entire chelate industrial, complex, but not because he thinks chelite is bad. It's because he thinks they're mishandled.
Tim Sackton: I hear you.
David S. Kong: And what but wait but and so so. But he he also. His opinions are kind of a proxy for the magistrate a bit.
Tim Sackton: Not necessarily.
David S. Kong: Okay, and sorry. So what is his? His opinion of the 4 oligarch families.
Tim Sackton: He just kinda lumps them all in the same boat like
Tim Sackton: they don't know what they're doing. This is dangerous stuff.
David S. Kong: You know.
Tim Sackton: If somebody sensible who knew how to handle Chelite was in charge like the wind collars, for example.
Tim Sackton: we wouldn't have all these problems.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But he means not not just in charge of chelite use, but in charge of chelite refinement.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: So I mean, I asked so like if he had it his way. What would it? What would the system look like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he hasn't really given it much thought. But
Tim Sackton: and there are some things he won't reveal. He says they're like wind collar secrets.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but I mean, I think at a high level. If he, if he had his way.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, he's like
Tim Sackton: she lights never exploded in our hands like the real. His take, basically is the real problem
Tim Sackton: with the chain. Light industry is that Chelite is dangerous, and the people who
Tim Sackton: the the people who happen to be in control are care primarily about money
Tim Sackton: like this is the last bullet point here. Right? Anytime you let something dangerous be controlled by people who care about money. That's always going to cause problems
Tim Sackton: because they'll always be incentivized to take shortcuts to make more money.
Tim Sackton: He's like the wind wind cut like
Tim Sackton: we wouldn't be out to make money. We have good uses for chat light.
David S. Kong: Such as.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's how they sail their ships. The whole Charlotte Charter navy runs on Chat light.
David S. Kong: What's the like working class opinion of the windcallers.
Tim Sackton: Nobody really knows about them. They were, they were like, until
Tim Sackton: Midas came to power like 3 years ago.
Tim Sackton: they were really marginal players in the city. They weren't even based in chart.
Tim Sackton: like they, they were based in by the canal and everybody. Historically, the reputation was just ferry pilots. Basically.
Tim Sackton: But Midas had a big power base there, and he saw the potential, and he
Tim Sackton: brought them to Chardon and made them the center of his magical.
Tim Sackton: But most when you were growing like you would have probably never even heard of wind colors, except maybe as rumors like
Tim Sackton: how they get ships through the canal where there's no wind. Oh, they have wind collars.
Tim Sackton: but there's no like working class opinion of them. Really.
David S. Kong: So the wind collars are not like, you know, fucking like
David S. Kong: like controlling canals and preventing, like, you know, people from traveling across the city and blah blah.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean, try to make the the
Tim Sackton: the magistrates makes a lot of money from them, because he charges high tolls for merchant ships to go through the canal.
Tim Sackton: and that all goes directly into the Imperial treasury.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And the only way you're allowed to transit the canal is with a wind collar pilot.
David S. Kong: But that's more recent.
Mike: No, that's that's always been the case.
Tim Sackton: That's been the case for for like decades, really, since 1,600 or 1597, when
Tim Sackton: charted and reconquered, the canal.
David S. Kong: So so the working class people do know about your college.
Tim Sackton: No, the canal is like 150, like hundreds of miles away.
David S. Kong: Oh, I see! I see!
Tim Sackton: That's like the canal that goes through the Aporian Peninsula, that when you were coming to charter the 1st time you're on that halfling ship.
David S. Kong: I remember that? Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's like.
David S. Kong: So that.
Tim Sackton: Hundreds of miles from.
David S. Kong: So they're aware of it. They understand that it exists, but they just don't.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah. But they wouldn't think about it much right?
David S. Kong: Okay, I got it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're not like actively being approached by them or anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's the halfling? Take on the wind? What's the halfling? Take on windcallers?
Tim Sackton: I mean, I think there's probably a degree of
Tim Sackton: respect, maybe grudging respect. I mean.
Tim Sackton: they're they're clearly good sailors, right? I mean.
Tim Sackton: maybe there's a little bit of they cheat kind of attitude among some halflings.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything.
Tim Sackton: But also they've always, I mean they've always treated everybody fairly like the
Tim Sackton: the prices to go through the canal are high, but they're not unfair. Everybody is treated the same, and it saves you. I mean.
Tim Sackton: I think there's a lot of feeling that it's justifiably high, because
Tim Sackton: every now and then halfling ships try and go around the long way like
Tim Sackton: like Milo's. Chip went the long way, and like.
Mike: It was the disaster.
Tim Sackton: Vanished. Yeah. So it's, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So so you would say that the Halflings feel strongly that a rules based system of international trade is an effective way to build a stable economy.
Tim Sackton: That's it.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that seems consistent with halfling morals.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let's pick up at breakfast.
Tim Sackton: With maybe some discussion about
Tim Sackton: what's next. I don't want to like force you to talk for too long, but the idea of giving you different information was so that you could have a little bit of in character role playing at the beginning.
Tim Sackton: And then, if there's anything you want to do like you haven't, you haven't gotten the information about the appointment yet. So if there's other goals and desires you have in the city, this is your chance to sort of be free agents. Now that you've
Tim Sackton: you know, Kenzo, and dealt with have their like papers were not criminals. So, although when you come into the city, you get, you know.
Tim Sackton: passing through customs, you're not unnoted, like, those are some of the few people who are be like, Oh, yeah, we recognize you. But your papers are valid, and they're like, yes, yeah, okay, go. And so rumors are now spreading in the city that you've been pardoned.
David S. Kong: Wait. Oh, yes, I was just gonna say, because the to be curious like, what did he say about like what the process is like, how we, how we like are they gonna like, you know, broadcast.
Tim Sackton: He was carrying a signed proclamation from the magistrate, saying
Tim Sackton: that you are back in the good graces of the Emperor, and he just handed it to you. It's magically sealed. So any customs official
Tim Sackton: or city guard knows it's real.
David S. Kong: But they also have, like some kind of you know, version of Chardonia
David S. Kong: that's like text blast where they like. Sent a message to like everybody's minds across the city, and they're like these 2 are now free.
Tim Sackton: No, you have to carry the proclamation in case you get stopped.
Tim Sackton: No invading people's minds is generally highly illegal in Ardan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So are we over breakfast right now.
Tim Sackton: Private room at the Barking seal over breakfast
Tim Sackton: seeker having just taken his seeker, 3 having just taken his leave to go get some box for the
Tim Sackton: possibly dangerous things that seeker and faldrick are cooking up, left to their own devices.
David S. Kong: Are we with Tiberius right now, or is it just the 4? th The 3 of us.
Tim Sackton: No, it's just the 3 of you.
Tim Sackton: You're in a private room like nobody else around.
Tim Sackton: Waitress comes in and drops off a plate loaded with app, breakfast eggs and fried smelts and fresh bread.
Mike: How's the mood in the sub city? Bobby?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, I spent all my time talking with halflings, really, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we sort of weather the ups and the downs as they come.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I can't speak for the larger city, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know how was the mood among the halflings.
Tim Sackton: I I mean not.
Tim Sackton: You know everybody's a little on edge, right? Nobody wants intense fighting to break out, if only because a lot of people will die.
Tim Sackton: Most halflings aren't particularly involved in the Cheli trade. So at the moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like the the rioting and disruptions have been almost exclusively limited to the north bank of the city.
Tim Sackton: So on the south bank life just kind of goes on. It's not.
Tim Sackton: There's not riots, particularly the most extreme.
Tim Sackton: you know. Imperial martial law was was raising the river bridge so nobody could.
Tim Sackton: and posting, you know, a blockade on the chartered bridge, so nobody could cross, but that only lasted a few days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So. Yeah, I mean, it seems like the brunt of everything
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just isn't on this side of the river at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I heard an interesting thing. I mean just confirming what we heard before, that there's been no
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tree light now for weeks, like no barges coming down the river, no Hitteri Magica.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It made me wonder a little bit about what's going on upstream from here like what's going on in the mines.
Mike: Is anybody asking questions yet?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I I don't know too well. I mean halflings don't really do
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): chelite. It's too dangerous. It's easier just to trade the items that get made from it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I did learn that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not as simple as the magistrates just deciding who gets to buy and sell chelite.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's 1 of 6 charter monopolies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that in theory the elected Council of 42 decides who gets it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it means it may not be just as simple as the magistrates, deciding to switch that monopoly from
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): one group to another.
Mike: Yeah, Tiberius said as much as well, although
Mike: We didn't know too much about this.
Mike: Carry out 42. He seems somewhat incurious.
Mike: He mostly wanted. He mostly seemed to think the wind collars should be the ones purchasing the chile and the middle van were a problem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: But
Mike: Tim Holland, it wasn't totally clear. Is the henta magica have a legal monopoly? Is that? Is that what we're supposed to take from that.
Mike: They're the only ones allowed to buy it, or saw what I mean.
Tim Sackton: no.
Tim Sackton: Is that the 4 really.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The 4 families are the only ones who can mine. It.
Tim Sackton: Thanks purchasing project. The charter monopoly has to do with this with the or the dust and the refined.
Tim Sackton: the somehow it's not completely obvious how to Tiberius, or necessarily the Halflings. The Heteri magica
Tim Sackton: was the only people who was buying chelite from the registered chartered sellers.
Tim Sackton: and then they were jacking up the price and reselling it around the city.
Mike: So there was no okay. So so the legal monopoly was not that the anti Magicka it was that these 4 families had a legal monopoly.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: But for whatever reason, nobody seemed to be buying it except that wait. Hold on. But the why did the wind collars not buy it.
Mike: That seems like a question Tiberius would have an answer to. I didn't. I didn't understand that. I thought from your notes that he was saying the head that magical was like? Did he have any
Mike: theories as to why the wind colors
Mike: were not able to buy chile? Or did they never try, or would he not say anything about it?
Tim Sackton: I mean his. His theory is that I mean the the reason why they couldn't is, it had something to do with the so the Chamber of Stamps is the
Tim Sackton: bureaucracy that controls the regulated monopolies, and his theory was like, I mean.
Tim Sackton: the reason the wind colors couldn't buy.
Tim Sackton: It was that there was a series of prescribed regulations associated with the chartered monopolies on
Tim Sackton: the customers of the legal customers of the chartered monopolies, and it just so happened that the Heptarian Magicka was the only organization that
Tim Sackton: met all the requirements.
Mike: Okay. So there's a.
Mike: The Chamber of Stamps had created a bureaucratic rule for both buyers and sellers.
Tim Sackton: Just like girls tied to the tied to the monopoly. Yes.
Mike: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, okay, so there's a, there's a monsopoly and a monopoly.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: but that was all. There's no like real official reason for that. It was all just a series of bureaucratic rules propagated over the years that eventually accreted to the point where everybody looked around and was like.
Tim Sackton: there's only one organization that can meet all these rules.
Mike: Right, and the wind collars didn't have enough clout to try and do anything about it exactly.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Mike: So, but he doesn't have plans to do something about it now, or we don't know, or he wouldn't say.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: he's obviously not going to do anything
Tim Sackton: against the wishes of the magistrates. He is annoyed at the magistrates, although he act understanding about the magistrate's reluctance to do anything. He was clearly annoyed about that, but obviously is not going to pursue any independence.
Mike: Danny.
Mike: So now the wind collars are the magistrates personal loyalty, and they're just waiting for the magistrates to say the rules have changed or not. Basically.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: and they might be internally pressuring you to change something. But it's not like they're motivated to go to the Chamber of Stance and be like, we're setting up a new organization that meets these rules.
Mike: Deny us. If you.
Tim Sackton: Well, plus the there, there isn't, I mean, currently there's.
Mike: There's no chambers.
Tim Sackton: Daylight council on the in the Chamber of stamps, more or less doesn't exist.
Mike: But also no chat. Light has.
Tim Sackton: Robbie doesn't know. So you should be explaining this.
Mike: Right the Chamber of Stamps, for sure. Yes,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It.
Mike: It appears that the eightfold flame has disrupted them somehow.
Mike: or all the bureaucrats seem to have vanished.
Mike: But I wonder if they
Mike: I wonder if they vanished the same time that the
Mike: the chairweights stopped showing up.
Mike: We should find out if there's actually been any sales of Chewaii since.
Mike: Has any chile actually been sold since
Mike: since Fausto came to fight us?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What I hear is nothing. Since the eightfold flame protests erupted.
Mike: So the whole thing's a bit pop.
Mike: So the bureaucrats who control the sale have vanished.
Mike: The cheer light has vanished.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, the supplies are on. But I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I and this will be asking like in in genuine confusion or consternation, is it? Did we cause. All of this, I mean, is this not all the effect of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just like instantly using the crown to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): break up the entire structure that was here? I mean. Conceivably did the bureaucrats and the merchants and the families like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go insane and and run into the ocean like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does does this all trace back to anything other than the crowd.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, no judgment guys, no judgment.
Tim Sackton: I mean, Kenza would recall that the 1st people that he commanded to start the
Tim Sackton: Chelate Revolution were all bureaucrats.
Tim Sackton: and also
Tim Sackton: a lot of time getting to know. Oh, no! Actually, you made a list of all of that.
Tim Sackton: They're pretty much. They were pretty much entirely
Tim Sackton: like Fausto had controlled almost the entire council of Chelite.
Mike: Right. So these are all people under Festo's control.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: They were all I mean. Does that mean by that? You mean they were cleansed?
Mike: They were possessed by the crime.
Tim Sackton: Directly mind controlled by the Crown.
Mike: So they're all in some panicked. Oh, my God, what are we doing? The support group needs to get really big. Oh, did anybody? Did the general answer my note? By the way.
Tim Sackton: General did not answer your note, but stay tuned.
Mike: So there's a lot of people with trouble, with troubled minds who have been possessed by Fausto.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there was about a hundred people across Chardon, largely bureaucrats in crucial positions.
Mike: Right, of course.
Tim Sackton: Which effectively means the Chelite board of the Council of Stamps, plus everybody who inspects the ore coming downriver.
Tim Sackton: and keeps everything flowing.
Mike: So we don't know if there's a bunch of boats that are like.
Tim Sackton: Piled up in a harbor somewhere upriver like well, well.
Mike: You know that?
Mike: I think.
Tim Sackton: You do know that. Remember, everything's vertically integrated. So it's unlikely that the mining families who are the same families who own the refineries would send a bunch of chelate or downriver into rockets.
Mike: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Were the mining families part of what Fausto was controlling, or were they not cleansed but just aligned? Their interests were aligned.
Tim Sackton: As as far as you know, from the list that Kenzo made
Tim Sackton: when he was in possession of the crown.
Tim Sackton: There was nobody in Volterra, and there wasn't really anybody who had who was any of the oligarch families. It seems Basto had either
Tim Sackton: decided that it was too risky or not
Tim Sackton: valuable enough to control them, and had focused almost exclusively on the bureaucracy itself.
Tim Sackton: You know whether there was other corruption is, of course, a different question, but
Tim Sackton: there has not been a lot of disruption in the mining families after Kenzo possessed the crown, and when Kenzo was in control of the Crown
Tim Sackton: he didn't learn anything about the mining families, because there was nobody in any of those families under his control.
Tim Sackton: I guess Kenza would actually have a bunch of latent knowledge about how the
Tim Sackton: Chamber of Stamps and the Chelite Board works from having
Tim Sackton: in in control of all those people. Briefly so, if anything relevant comes up. Just ask if
Tim Sackton: Kenzie remembers anything about it, and I'll chime in.
Mike: So we don't know if there's good communicate like
Mike: no chelate could be flowing downriver. But
Mike: I want to figure out the timeline here a little bit more precisely. I don't know if we need to go talk to people to do that
Mike: right like.
Mike: when was, what is the date? Can we like find out the date that the last jailite boat appeared.
Mike: and how long does it normally take them to come downriver.
Tim Sackton: So there were chile boats coming for, like a you know, a little bit after the
Tim Sackton: I think if you want to track down a precise timeline. You probably have to go to talk to people, but from just Tiberius and the Halflings and the general vibe it wasn't like. There was an instantaneous shut off
Tim Sackton: the second that the riot started, but as soon as news of trouble in charting
Tim Sackton: reach, I mean. So the boats, the boats actually mostly so Lake Volandres, which is like this big lake, is not the southern exit from Lake Volandres? Is not that far from charted by river like 3 days or less, depending on the winds and the currents. Maybe a week.
Tim Sackton: But it's not. It's not that long.
Tim Sackton: And once, if you're on Lake Volandres. It's not too hard to just turn the boat around.
Tim Sackton: So the the timing that at least in this.
Mike: Go upstream.
Tim Sackton: The lake is like the size of Lake Superior.
Mike: No, no, no! But once you get to the north shore of the lake, do they go upstream.
Tim Sackton: No, they get loaded up. There's no navigable river from the north. They try.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: The the mines are actually okay, so the boats are loaded on the north shore of the lake, sailing.
Tim Sackton: Caravans come from the mines, get loaded on the north shore of the lake, sail across the lake.
Mike: Travel by river down to church.
Mike: right? So if you're still on.
Tim Sackton: Cool.
Mike: You could turn around once you're on the river, it's probably hard to turn around, because you're.
Tim Sackton: Once you're on the river. Turning around is not straightforward, because you're relying on the current, but the lake you're relying on wind.
Tim Sackton: Most of the boats have like steppable sails, so that they can switch from
Tim Sackton: sails to oars as they transition from the lake to the
Tim Sackton: river. Sometimes they get reloaded onto
Tim Sackton: river barges that are more efficient can pack more in.
Tim Sackton: So the timing's like roughly consistent. It's at least plausible that a lot of
Tim Sackton: that, whatever was on the river, just sailed into chaos, and then everything that was north of the river is now piling up in the lake, or it's unlikely anybody's loading caravans and bringing it back to Volterra. That would make a lot of sense. But.
Mike: Right. How far is the how far is the
Mike: north shore of the lake from here.
Tim Sackton: It's not that far. It's I can tell you exactly.
Tim Sackton: so it's about 400 miles by river.
Tim Sackton: So with a good current. You can go 100 miles a day downriver.
Tim Sackton: and it's smooth and navigable the entire way. There's no rapids or anything. There's nowhere you'd have to offload your boat.
Tim Sackton: There's quite a lot of river traffic, both from the Chasa and the Nahadi.
Mike: So we should.
Mike: I mean it should be possible to go. It seems like worth asking around and trying to find out if there's disruption. Somebody should know what's going on right, or at least know
Mike: I mean, that's a thing to do if we have time, and then maybe
Mike: see about these stamp council of stamps who've gone missing.
Mike: See? About hunting some of them down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All of that makes sense. I also think at a certain point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like we have the ability to pick a side or or to cast a certain amount of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): influencer weight. And what
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do we know what that looks like, or what? What do we need to find out in order to decide
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who to ally with.
Mike: So that's a good question, Dallas. Perspective would be
Mike: curiosity if the chely trade is disrupted. Worse than we think.
Mike: In other words, is this just
Mike: is this just the merchants holding back because
Mike: they got news of riots, and there's just all the everything's just piling up and sort of business as usual.
Mike: But I mean, there's a lot of questions like, How long.
Mike: how long do these rich families
Mike: kind of cash reserves they have?
Mike: When do they start hitting trouble if they're not selling
Mike: right. How much does a single boat bring them in profit?
Mike: Right? Does 6 months of no sales destroy the family?
Mike: That's actually a whole separate tactic that we hadn't thought about from the strikers. Right like.
Mike: actually do the strikers have a
Mike: could they? Could they outlast the owners right?
Mike: And then
Mike: but or is there like alternatively, is there something
Mike: going on? Did? I don't know the bureaucrats all
Mike: sabotage the system in some fashion as they left is everybody like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Mike: Is there, you know, some terrible thing happening to the Chilek trade
Mike: if the family tribe ended. Is that bad?
Mike: I mean, if the challenge like, do we want to fix the Channel trade?
Mike: Or if there's an opportunity to just have it never come back? Is that what we should do?
Mike: I mean, I think the
Mike: you know, there's a question of how long can.
Mike: How long can the
Mike: Channelite kind of levels the people at the levels chairlight was it called the Channelite Levels. It was the channel levels, right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: How long can they?
Mike: How long could they survive with no money?
Mike: Right is are they even?
Mike: Are they even you know? Do they need to do something to
Mike: like? They have this whole riot going on. But like do they need to
Mike: do? They need to be manning barricades.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Some of them are manning barricades.
Mike: No, I know is that helping them.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Right like.
Tim Sackton: So okay, not to be too prescriptive. But remember, you're supposedly meeting the magisters in the next day or 2. And
Tim Sackton: well, it's nice. I mean, maybe this is getting to that conversation. But at some point you have to decide what you're gonna
Tim Sackton: you're not going to have telepathy when you talk to the magistrates, so
Tim Sackton: having a plan is probably useful.
David S. Kong: Why won't be a telepathy.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's not around.
David S. Kong: Can we do it through?
David S. Kong: Our telepathy is only one by one, through wellbeing.
Mike: Well, we could.
Tim Sackton: So it.
Mike: It has messages, but.
Tim Sackton: You can, but it it. If you're in the middle of a conversation, it involves a lot of
Tim Sackton: stopping and starting, because.
Mike: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Bobby's like, what should we say? It's rather obvious. It's not that useful in a negotiation.
Mike: I think we should try and find out in the next. I think we should take the next 4 h
Mike: and do 2 things. One
Mike: start by asking around to try and find out. Find somebody who's been. Well, I'll be probably good at this right. Find somebody who's come recently from Lake Phil Andrews.
Mike: right? What's going on? Are there lots and lots of boats piled up at the chey white docks.
Mike: or is there something? Is it? Is it as simple as the merchants of all
Mike: stopped coming downriver because they're afraid of the of the
Mike: chaos? Or is it something more complicated going on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That feels like it should be straightforward to figure out.
Mike: And then maybe try to find one of the missing bureaucrats.
Mike: I mean, we expect to have a little bit of notice before the magistrates meeting right? It's not going to be like.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You expect to receive a message sometime, probably this morning, or maybe this afternoon, with a date and a time that you're supposed to present yourself to the Imperial Palace.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike: Finding a missing bureaucrat's not crazy right?
Mike: Also.
Mike: There was something else I was just thinking. Finding a missing bureaucrat.
Mike: binding.
Mike: Oh, yeah, well, what's the story with the merchant families
Mike: like? Can we find anything about their
Mike: finances? That seems a little bit trickier? I don't have an obvious idea of how we would do that.
Mike: I don't know
Mike: if nobody has any other ideas dealt with, wants to try and find one of the missing bureaucrats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that's a good like. I think, too, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): finding out what the magistrates wants
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the outcome to be like. If our main interest is that the chelate refiners like the workers, do better?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We don't exactly know what the magistrate like, what outcome he wants yet, and how we how we can sort of negotiate for them
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): according to his interests.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it may also just be, let's go
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go explore the city. Let's try to track that down. Let's find some fire resistance, and then let's have the conversation with him.
Mike: I mean, it might be worth
Mike: chatting up some of the Navy guys, or whatever trying to figure out what what's the magistro's want?
Mike: Not in the specifics of the chain light, but just like in general. Is there anybody who knows, like
Mike: what he like? You know what kinds of thing, what he's what kinds of things is he?
Mike: I mean, Tiberius told us a little bit about him, but like maybe there's a mid level
Mike: somebody a little below Tiberius's level, but but
Mike: a little, but not just. A common soldier who might have served with him, or, you know.
Mike: is willing to speculate
Mike: and would talk to, you know, and and would might be a little bit more wowed by.
Mike: you know. Might we might be able to get into a conversation with him. Just sort of be like, hey?
Mike: Fire resistance. I mean, we have
Mike: 2 fire resistances, right? Doesn't doesn't see? Doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo has one, and Seeker has one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's probably not urgent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there magic?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we could also go. I mean, just in the interest of putting more things on the table. We could also go check out Faustus Tower Tower, you mean, and see what's there. I'm like. That would just be good, clean fun.
Mike: Might sneak in like sneak in past the guards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: I mean you could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's do that.
Mike: Let's do that. After our meeting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Mike: Right like, like, just in case we get caught.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm! Well, you have this writ that says you're you're innocent. This is the perfect time to commit crimes.
Mike: That's true.
David S. Kong: Oh, we can also do augury. We can also ask.
David S. Kong: Is it smart for us to do this?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have all sorts of magical divination powers.
Mike: I mean, I can ask the gods things, too.
Mike: Oh, why am I bothering trying to find information? I'll just ask. The gods seems a lot easier.
Mike: I can ask 5 yes or no questions. Let's just do that.
Mike: I'm going to ask the gods a few questions.
David S. Kong: Let's do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Correct.
Mike: It's yes or no right I forget.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: So the 1st question is, is, is the holdup in chelite trade due to the
Mike: command of the Chalite mining families?
Mike: Like their desire, their wish to hold up Channel like coming downriver.
Tim Sackton: Yes, mostly.
Mike: Let's see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe there's something to the effect of like, can the Chelite bureaucrats go back to those jobs again? Or are they
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just sort of gone from that role forever.
Mike: Yeah, let's see, do any of the channel I do any of the Council of
Mike: of the Chatite Board of the Council of Stamps wish to return to their old jobs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Mike: Wish to, and are able to.
Tim Sackton: wish to, and are able to no.
David S. Kong: Sorry. Say that again.
Mike: None of the Council of none of the Channelite Board both wishes to, and is able to return to their old jobs.
David S. Kong: None of them wish to, or is able to.
Mike: And.
David S. Kong: And.
Mike: The implication is some of them might wish to, but are unable to right, and some of them might not wish to.
Mike: but could, if they want right like, but none of the ones he wants he can.
Mike: Are these? What are the limits of these questions like, can we ask about the future. Like will the heteri magicka be reconstituted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like? Is that a.
Mike: I'm pretty sure.
Tim Sackton: You can't predict the future.
Mike: Yeah, devastation is fast about the world.
Tim Sackton: And the taunty are not guaranteed to know everything.
Mike: Does the magistrate? Does the magistrates
Mike: wish the wind collars to have more control over chill.
Tim Sackton: We cannot see his mind.
Mike: Does that mean? I get an extra question.
Mike: Let's see what else is useful.
Mike: The
Mike: side note for everybody. Do we know what happened like. Is there a
Mike: a stock of refined? Presumably there's some sort of stock of refined chain light in the city. I guess we don't.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Must be.
Mike: There must be right.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Yes, and.
David S. Kong: There's a whole chain light supply chain with like physical locations, and like stuff stored and.
Mike: And chairweight gets used up like, if you build a fountain that's magically cleaned via Cheway.
Mike: do you ever have to replace the chili? Or is it just like.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So there's a point at which the lack of new chelite would start to impact
Mike: the city in a much more meaningful way. People would start to notice, the water would be dirty, the lights would turn on.
Mike: How? I'll ask the guts. How long can chart and go.
Tim Sackton: Yes or no question.
Mike: Oh, right? Okay. Right?
Tim Sackton: Well, it's a question that can be.
Tim Sackton: It's a little unclear.
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: the question has to be answered with one word, but it's but the words are all degrees of truth.
Tim Sackton: Yes, no, maybe irrelevant unclear, you can't ask for like.
Tim Sackton: what is the name of somebody or.
Mike: Or right. How many months could Chardon go without.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But like, if the answer, if you said, could chart and survive a year without change, the answer could be, maybe.
Mike: I'm just trying to think of what. Yes, I was. Gonna ask that. I just wasn't sure what what time period
Mike: 6 months is, is it? Is it?
Mike: 6 months, probably a half year.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: The answer is, Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Okay, so after 6 months it would be nobody would.
Mike: They could certainly survive a half a year. Eventually.
Mike: One more question.
Mike: yes, I can't pick up something else off the top of my head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, nothing's coming to mind.
Mike: does
Mike: It's gotta be something else useful to ask if I've got to come up with something sooner, or the spell's gonna end.
Mike: Does.
David S. Kong: You can ask yes or no questions about anything.
Mike: Yep.
David S. Kong: What about something about the magistrates, the magistrates, or the
Mike: I tried asking about the magistress's desires, and the Tanji said they couldn't read his mind.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Mike: So it'd have to be something a little bit more public than just what he secretly wants.
Mike: Does the Hentai magica have a leader
Mike: currently like now.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: Interesting.
Mike: We should find out who's actually buying refined chalice right now.
Mike: I should have asked. Oh, that would have been a good question. Has anybody bought shit light.
Mike: but we should be able to just ask around right? Like it's gotta be. We gotta know who the merchants are.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Well, okay. So so I would like to find one of these. Okay.
Mike: suggestions for things. We should
Mike: go find out more about what the magistrates wants right?
Mike: Somebody should go like chat up sailors right like who can go like chat up a
Mike: senior lieutenant, or like the night captain, you know people who are like a little bit below Tiberius's level. But who's
Mike: just like what? What's the magistrate, you know? Have you sailed with the magistrates. What rumors have you heard?
Mike: You know what I mean like? What does he want.
Tim Sackton: So there's 3 of you. So I would suggest no more than 3 tasks.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Split up and accomplish them.
Mike: I'd really like to try and track down one of these beers of stamp guys. But I'm not at the moment totally sure how to do that
Mike: other than Kenzo knows who some of them were right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe Kenzie goes after that.
Tim Sackton: Their names.
Mike: Yeah. Well, I could just try and describe them.
David S. Kong: There you go!
David S. Kong: Surprise.
Tim Sackton: You need is a name.
Mike: You need somebody. Yeah, I mean, it's my they got plus 5.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: I mean, I assume Kenzo has
Mike: a description. I mean, I assume Kenzo would be able to describe the let's it's
Mike: by how well, secondhand. You've heard of the target.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: They get plus 5 on their safe
Mike: right? I mean, it's not. The spell is not massively clear what heard of means, but I kind of assume.
Tim Sackton: I think that would count as sort of.
Mike: A name plus a description from Kenza would count as heard of.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Right, I mean, even with plus 5 on a save
Mike: like the DC. Is 20. So it's still.
Mike: I mean, an average human would have a 50 50 shot, basically. No, not even right. They have, like a
Mike: 60, 60% chance of failing.
Mike: I could cast it 3 times on 3 different ones.
Mike: that would be my get. Best guess on how to find one of these
Mike: chamber for chamber of the. I think it would be also worth finding out. If any cell it's being sold, and if so, to who
Mike: is it? Is it break? Are are people breaking the is it the Hentai magic is still buying? If so.
Mike: who in the heads of magic is making decisions on me, buying and reselling right?
Mike: Or is there a black market flourishing all of a sudden, or is, in fact, it not being sold at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I know the answer to that already, which is that it is not being sold at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But since the eightfold flame protests erupted
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like no trade is going on.
Mike: Not just no boats coming in, but no trading Channel 8 at all.
Tim Sackton: So keep in mind that.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'm sure that there are, you know, diverse
Tim Sackton: things going on. There's also like massive riots and fires burning down the entire Chalite factories.
Tim Sackton: which presumably includes the warehouses where process chain light is stored, so that may not be that mysterious.
David S. Kong: Sorry, and who? Who's burning the fire, setting the fires.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: The April flame, red.
David S. Kong: Okay?
David S. Kong: For sure.
Mike: So here's another question, how long could our treasure hoard fund?
Mike: Let's say we dedicated 40% of our treasure accords to funding the strikers.
Mike: How long could we keep them in food and such.
David S. Kong: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Quite a while, I mean
Tim Sackton: the only downside to your treasure hoard is the large part of it is in Dracorean
Tim Sackton: rings and necklaces, and
Tim Sackton: so you I mean, you could just melt them down into hack silver or something, but you'd lose a fair bit of value.
Mike: And obviously we might saturate the market in charting if we
Mike: right. So you'd have to get somebody teleporting around to sell a couple of rings in each city in the Empire, or some nonsense like that.
Tim Sackton: Right, I mean, a lot of them are relatively
Tim Sackton: unfinished, and not worth much more than the
Tim Sackton: raw than the weight of the raw metal, but you have like 10,000 rings, and you know.
Tim Sackton: 4,000 necklaces, and something ridiculous like that. So.
Mike: Gross.
Tim Sackton: It depends on what discount rate you're willing to take in terms of converting that into usable cash.
Mike: What if we just convert all of Rogendos's
Mike: Crap Court? Not any of the fancy named items right
Mike: right on whatever discount rate would be necessary in order to convert it into usable cash
Mike: that we could distribute to people in charge. I mean, like.
Tim Sackton: One. Gold is an, you know, a good daily wage for a skilled artisan.
Tim Sackton: One copper, which is a hundredthth of a gold, is enough to survive on.
Tim Sackton: So if there's 20,000 people in the slubs, you need.
Mike: 200 gold a day.
Tim Sackton: 200 gold.
Mike: Every call, today.
Tim Sackton: So you're talking about, you know.
Mike: So like a hundred $1,000
Mike: would probably keep them going for 6 months easily.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're talking. You probably have something like 500 days worth of food for the
Tim Sackton: entire chain, light levels and riverside slums.
Tim Sackton: Your entire horde.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That also assumes, though, that, like.
Tim Sackton: We can move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Goods in and out of there, one way or another. I mean, it assumes that there's someone who's willing to take their money or ours to feed it, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, if the city of Chardon turns against those thumbs entirely like they already saw the bridge, I mean.
Mike: Right. I mean they could. They could.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So I mean there is like a grain dole in charge, and there's a guarantee from the magistrates that you can buy
Tim Sackton: bread for a fixed price, but
Tim Sackton: that also is because Chardon imports a lot of bread from.
Tim Sackton: I mean, Chardon does not grow anywhere near enough for you to feed itself.
Tim Sackton: And so the magistrate certainly has the power to disrupt
Tim Sackton: the brain barges coming into the city and starve anybody out that he desires.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's let's start with.
Tim Sackton: In terms of like funding, you'd have many days of funding.
Mike: I mean, we could just take our Chardonian silver and copper coins.
Mike: That's that's 11,000, I mean, that's only that's only 11. That's only a couple of weeks, but.
David S. Kong: Sorry. The goal here is to then fund the strikers, so that now there's like a there's now they're not working shay lights not being processed or refined, and then and then what.
Mike: Wow! If they can outlast the when do the when does? When does capital start to suffer more than labor?
Mike: The classic problem in any strike, really.
Mike: But if we can fund, I mean, that's why you have a strike fund. Yeah, right is to try and is try and outlast capital right. At some point the owners of
Mike: at some point the owners of the
Mike: Channel 8 mines will start to
Mike: suffer from the fact that they can't sell the channel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, although I mean not not to get too far out of the fantasy, where, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the only reason why that works is because of the rule of law
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, if the magistrates can decide just to starve the north bank with no repercussions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a strike fund is not relevant any longer at that point.
Mike: Trevor.
Tim Sackton: So I like the direction you're thinking. But let me. Yeah, let me just make it clear like
Tim Sackton: this could be a. This could be a bargaining chip with the magistrates, if you're like.
Tim Sackton: Look, this doesn't have to come out of your treasury, we can help support.
Tim Sackton: But if the magistrates is against you.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't really matter. If you have a strike fund.
Tim Sackton: It's not useless, right? Like there's a lot of good that money can do.
Tim Sackton: But we're not operating in, I mean.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: if the magistrates just raises the bridge again and says no food can get into the north, there's a wall around the north bank that the Legion controls. If the Magister says no food is getting into the north bank.
Tim Sackton: it's not like there's bread to be bought for any coin at that point.
Mike: But it gets into the same problem any dictatorial government has, which is.
Mike: that depends on the rest of the city being willing to go along exactly exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Tim Sackton: Let's let's do her things. Let's do her things. Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: let's do your things. Let's move on. So who's doing what? Well, be talking to sailors?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Darwest is scrying.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is.
David S. Kong: I guess, waiting to see what happens to the scry.
David S. Kong: Yeah. But sorry. What? So what's our overall plan here like, what's the what's our approach?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's do a little bit of research trying to understand what's going on with some things, and then go talk to the magistrates.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and see where he sits.
Mike: What what information can we bring to the meeting with the magistrates that he might not already have?
Mike: And what can we bring to the meeting with the magistrates that will help guide us towards what he wants.
David S. Kong: Well, I don't think he's got any visibility or understanding about like what's going on with the chain, light refineries, and, like all of it like the working class stuff I don't think he's got. My guess is he probably doesn't have great visibility on what the hell's going on there. I mean? He might have some idea like, Oh, there are these fires happening like he might, I mean, if so, so, here's a question, is that like is the fact that the Chelite industry is now disrupted. How is that impacting the magistrates.
Mike: Again, question.
David S. Kong: Is he like, oh, is that this is a big deal, is I gotta I gotta get this back online like.
Tim Sackton: You know that he's close allies with the windcallers, and you know that the windcallers
Tim Sackton: themselves rely heavily on Chelite, although everything they've said to you.
Tim Sackton: says that they use it safely and responsibly. Unlike these.
David S. Kong: Even like Tiberius in our time. Is is he like, Oh, shit this disruption, that happening right now, we gotta resolve this right away, or is he kind of there? Is he just like whatever like.
Tim Sackton: They have a pretty big, I mean, he didn't seem
Tim Sackton: immediately stressed. They've got a they've got a non-trivial reserve. Okay? Right? But.
Mike: But.
Tim Sackton: 6 months. So 6 months from now. Okay. But if Che Lake just ceases to flow entirely a year, 2 years, you don't know exactly when things are going to fall apart, I mean, at some point the river bridge doesn't go up anymore, and then nobody can get to the port of charma like that's a pretty big deal.
Mike: It's like they have a pretty big strategic petroleum reserve. But at some point it's gonna run out.
Tim Sackton: I mean the entire sewer and water system of Chardon runs completely on Chelite. There will be rampant plagues as soon as Chalite stopped being available.
David S. Kong: So what I still don't quite understand is like, where what it is. Where is the corruption? Slash like? What's the
David S. Kong: what's the what's the problem.
Mike: I think it's these vertically integrated merchant phones right.
David S. Kong: The family. These are these oligarch families.
Mike: Yeah, or it's the headset magic, or it's both.
Mike: We have 2 monopolies at work here, right? There's a buyer's monopoly and a seller's.
Tim Sackton: Remember that the hete magica by, you know, 5 years ago or so, was was fast. Now.
Tim Sackton: There's no point in thinking of them as something separate.
Mike: When did? That's like, do we know when?
Mike: When was the last time? Somebody who wasn't anti-magica bought chilling?
Mike: That would be a good question.
Tim Sackton: Question you could ask around about.
Mike: Yeah, I should ask the gods that that would have been a good one for the gods.
Mike: But yes, we could ask around about that.
David S. Kong: All right. Kendall's gonna see what happens with the scrying, and then we'll.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let's do the scrag first.st So you, you pick a name
Tim Sackton: anything you're aiming for, as far as I mean, Kenza knows, like
Tim Sackton: a little bit about who these people were.
Mike: If they're is a dedicated junior person, is what I'm looking for.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Bad.
Mike: Low, save.
Tim Sackton: Might be wanting to return back, and therefore not have.
Mike: Not have, and but not be able to.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you get.
Tim Sackton: Amelia,
Tim Sackton: your 1st try. Scry does not work straight. 19 on the roll try again with another
Tim Sackton: rough junior, I mean, with
Tim Sackton: with a hundred names to choose from. You've got a handful of junior people. You can target.
Mike: Okay, I'll try and get with the other one.
Tim Sackton: Try again with
Tim Sackton: Another one. I'm not going to make up the name. Oh, natural one on the roll.
Tim Sackton: Okay, they fail. I'll say this one is Tronia.
Tim Sackton: She was a sort of mid level member of the Cheleh Control board who joined
Tim Sackton: you know, some time ago, but was sort of a junior bureaucrat. Not one of the people who propagated rules, but who, you know
Tim Sackton: helped enforce the help, you know, guide enforcement, and just do some general sort of bureaucratic tasks, and as your scry as your bowl, your silver bull clears
Tim Sackton: and your scry opens up. You see a woman dressed in dirty robes.
Tim Sackton: sitting in the attic of a house, rocking back and forth.
Tim Sackton: She seems to be singing under her breath.
Tim Sackton: You recognize the words as dwarven.
Tim Sackton: I don't think. Oh, Dawa speaks all languages.
Tim Sackton: It's actually like a prayer that you've heard Rizwin say before.
Tim Sackton: Muttered under her breath, as she sort of rocks back and forth.
Tim Sackton: And then, every now and then, she's like.
Tim Sackton: make it not real. Make it not real
Tim Sackton: in the attic of a house
Tim Sackton: you can see from the angle of the sun coming in that
Tim Sackton: and the shadows. This is probably somewhere
Tim Sackton: in the south of the city.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if that's realistic that you would be able to tell that. But let's just say it is
Tim Sackton: It's a it seems like a reasonably nice house.
Tim Sackton: you sit and listen for a little while, and
Tim Sackton: you know you can catch a little bit of street noise
Tim Sackton: seems to be close to a small market where you can hear like echoes of what's maybe a.
Tim Sackton: you know, mostly people selling fruit and vegetables. Actually every now and then you hear like
Tim Sackton: exotic pineapples fresh from the south.
Tim Sackton: and then just rocking back and forth, muttering some dwarven prayer under her breath.
Tim Sackton: Ben seems like she hasn't eaten in days. She is not a dwarf.
Tim Sackton: She is a human.
Mike: Chadonian.
Mike: Yeah, these people are not okay.
Mike: Fascinating.
Mike: Try one more.
Tim Sackton: Another another junior.
Mike: No, then don't roll.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I haven't decided what I'm doing yet that
Mike: I don't know about another junior.
Mike: Is there some guy like, who is there some person who was in charge, or who was like important.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, there. So there was a the the
Tim Sackton: Chalite control board. So the the Chamber of Stamps has, like
Tim Sackton: separate boards for each of the regulated monopolies the Chile Control Board had, like a
Tim Sackton: There's like a council of 5 people that
Tim Sackton: promulgate the regulations. Every single one of them was mind controlled by fasto. And then there's like a bunch of bureaucrats and scribes and people who some of them are just like scribes who copy things out.
Tim Sackton: Some of them turned, and
Tim Sackton: the you know, the councils, some of them like negotiate the sale. There's like merchants and people who are
Tim Sackton: handle the money and the negotiations to actually sell the licenses.
Mike: Should should they go after.
Tim Sackton: Easily target somebody on the act one of the 5 actual.
Tim Sackton: They might have a bonus to their safe.
Mike: I think that might be, but I might. There's only 5 of them right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: I'm gonna so I'm gonna target whoever seems like the most senior. But I want to know if I'm gonna succeed before I guess this stuff.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you are not going to succeed on the most senior one.
Mike: Okay, and I'll try the next. Most seasoning.
Tim Sackton: This one. You don't know if you're going to succeed. Right? Because that's what you pay. That's a fail.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: let's see. Let's pick a name for this guy.
Tim Sackton: So the second most senior is Gaspar
Tim Sackton: He is an older man, probably in his early late sixties, early seventies. Something like that.
Tim Sackton: And from Kenzo's information he was So
Tim Sackton: there's like one. There's basically a chair, and then everybody else is roughly equal. But he so you you missed on the chair. But he had been on the
Tim Sackton: the J light control board for longer than anybody else, including the chair
Tim Sackton: and from again from Kenzo's control, seemed to be
Tim Sackton: You know he had. He had studied at the University and the faculty of law, and
Tim Sackton: you know, was the was the sort of regulations Guy, more or less and you see him?
Tim Sackton: he is. He is sitting in the in the kitchen.
Tim Sackton: or some at a table, anyway. With food spread out in a glass of what looks like diluted wine next to them.
Tim Sackton: of a quite a nice house.
Tim Sackton: You can see actually through the window that there are. There's an extensive garden outside. There's trees. You can see the like side of the shadow of Mount Nero right out the window. So this must be somewhere in the Nero domains on the north bank, like the estate that are sort of outside of the city proper, and he's just he's just sort of sitting there. There's like a
Tim Sackton: sheet of paper in front of him, and like he's. He's sitting with a quill and sort of not moving, and there's a
Tim Sackton: sort of middle-aged woman, maybe a servant. It's hard to tell. He sort of prodding him. Gaspar, you you must eat something.
Tim Sackton: Keep your strength, and she's sort of like
Tim Sackton: lifting up what seems like a bowl of
Tim Sackton: something like oatmeal, or some kind of porridge like that feeding him.
Tim Sackton: Please eat something, and he sort of slowly eats.
Tim Sackton: and then kind of looks blankly off and
Tim Sackton: and and picks up his quill and goes to start to write.
Tim Sackton: And it's just it's just
Tim Sackton: gibberish like the words don't make any sense, and he like grabs the paper and angrily tosses it off.
Tim Sackton: and kind of shakes his head and
Tim Sackton: kind of mutters under his voice, and then barks out more.
Tim Sackton: and the woman goes off and brings him back another piece of paper and refills his inkwell.
Tim Sackton: and then he just closes his eyes for a minute and seems to drift off.
Mike: Interesting.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: any thoughts, guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I mean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know. They seem beyond help.
Mike: But, interestingly, the folks that we uncleansed didn't come back quite so broken.
Mike: Yeah, the ones you uncleansed to have been.
Tim Sackton: Who had been under mind control for a short time.
Mike: What about? I don't know.
Tim Sackton: For Hector.
Mike: Right. Hector was kind of broken, wasn't he?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: As far as you could tell, he still doesn't remember his name.
Mike: Right.
Mike: I forgot about Hector.
Mike: Wait! What did we do with that?
Mike: We leave them in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: He's in the mirror. Yeah. You left him in the mirror while he was singing to him and telling him stories every morning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, we never got him to the point of getting out.
Tim Sackton: You never got him to the point of getting out. He was getting there.
Tim Sackton: He was starting to remember things, but he never got to the point of getting it. And the mirror time doesn't really pass, so
Tim Sackton: it seemed safer for him and better for him.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: I kind of want to go talk to one of these people.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Know what we'll learn, but I don't know if other people have things they want to do.
Mike: I don't want to monopolize the.
Mike: It's great time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know it's all good.
Tim Sackton: I mean Kenzo and deal with could go find somebody, and Welby could go talk to the sailors.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I want to go back to Gaspar.
Mike: Seems easy to find right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Timing actually have to step away for 5 min, so I'll I'll be curious what you think.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we'll come. We'll we'll start with Gaspar. We'll come back to Welby.
David S. Kong: Sorry, and gall.
Tim Sackton: You guys can.
Tim Sackton: Gaspar was the guy you just saw in the estate with a servant feeding him wine and trying to write something on paper.
Tim Sackton: and not being able to. One of the senior bureaucrats.
Tim Sackton: one of the members of the actual chelike control board.
David S. Kong: Sorry, but Gaspar, is he part of one of the families.
Mike: No.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: He's he's 1 of the bureaucrats who?
Mike: He's 1 of the bureaucrats who controlled
Mike: the chewite distribution, but he was presumably mind controlled by Fausto for several years.
David S. Kong: I'm sorry. How did you end up scrying him?
Mike: I picked 2. Kenzo had a list in your mind of all of the people that were.
Tim Sackton: Remember when Kenza was controlling.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Crowd you said.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You said Kenzo's writing a list of everybody who's involved in the chile trade, and I said, I'm not going to make up names.
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: But if it comes into, if it comes useful.
Tim Sackton: you'll have that information. And now it's useful. So you have that information.
Mike: So I just picked 2 random names off the list right.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: And scraped them.
David S. Kong: Got it, got it, got it.
David S. Kong: and I'm sorry how long ago was again that Kenzo broke the broke the the
David S. Kong: the bond between the crown and all these people.
Tim Sackton: It was well Riswin did it when she
Tim Sackton: refocus the crowd on the quest of the Orcs. That was about
Tim Sackton: almost exactly 2 weeks ago.
David S. Kong: And how many people, when Kenza was mind controlling her? How many people was it that were were.
Tim Sackton: So there was. There it was! It was somewhere around a hundred. I don't know the exact number, but it was like a good fraction of the bureaucrats
Tim Sackton: involved in the Cheli trade, which was mostly people who worked for the Chamber of
Tim Sackton: The chamber of stamps on the Chile control board, but it included a few other people like inspectors, and
Tim Sackton: like a handful of other scattered people.
David S. Kong: Got it. And so basically, now, all of those people are just like they're fucking like, what the fuck am I? Who am I? What's going depending on like, how long they were under the influence of Costa. They're all like in various mental states.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Your suspicion is that festo started with the Cheleh
Tim Sackton: people and only started mind controlling adventures. Once he had. Once he was in full control of the chelike trade.
David S. Kong: Right, right? Right.
David S. Kong: What was he doing with the.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
David S. Kong: Direct.
Tim Sackton: Promulgating regulations that force them to sell to the
Tim Sackton: the Terry magica and then making a ton of money. I mean.
Tim Sackton: the story about festo had always been. Oh, he's super rich, and nobody knows where his money comes.
David S. Kong: Right? Right? Right? So he was basically because he had taken over the entire trade was making a shit ton of money through heterra magica doing through this illicit mind control of like the entire trade. And then I don't know, probably using Cheli for his own stuff right to like.
Mike: He was, I mean he was making zombies to try and kill us.
Tim Sackton: He was making chelates, obviously trying to kill you. He used chelate to
Tim Sackton: power the some of the rituals he did with the crown, like he was using it for various nefarious purposes, too. But he also just like with red money around, I mean, like, this is the classic academic problem where
Tim Sackton: anybody who comes in with a ton of money and is like you can have grants. You can have grants. You can have grants
Tim Sackton: suddenly, is everybody's favorite person, no matter what they actually think or do.
David S. Kong: So Fausto is the Jeffrey Epstein of A, of a.
Tim Sackton: Fausto is the Jeffrey Epstein of Chardin University.
David S. Kong: Wow! Wow!
David S. Kong: Wow!
Tim Sackton: And like there was always these rumors like Oh, he went off and killed a dragon, or something like that, but nobody ever knew where his money actually came. But he was very rich, right? Like.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: So I assume it's not that hard to find this guy's house.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean, we just I mean, yeah.
Tim Sackton: let's just let's just skip this. It takes you takes you a couple hours to.
Mike: Knock on his door.
Tim Sackton: How to get information
Tim Sackton: show up at his at his estate. So this is. This is on the slopes of Mount Nera, so you can see the like, the bulk of the spur of the obsidian volcano rising to the west.
Mike: Trick heads on heel conditions.
Mike: What is? What does cleanse and touch when you heal?
Mike: Can you heal madness.
David S. Kong: Double check.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it worked on that on that guy, and it worked temporarily on that guy.
Tim Sackton: count fashion in the Feywild.
Mike: It's true, so we'll knock on the door.
Tim Sackton: there's I mean there's there's like a guard put like a servant posted outside like a butler.
Tim Sackton: Asks your business, and.
Mike: We'll say.
Tim Sackton: Somewhat disinclined to let in visitors. Oh, my master is indisposed at the present.
Mike: Yes, we. I'll tell him that.
Mike: That's a good not. True. Why, but
Mike: I want to tell them that we are
Mike: that we are here to that we know as master is is in display, and that and I'm
Mike: just hold on a second while I sort of. Think of exactly what I'm saying.
Mike: We know his master's indisposed, and we
Mike: We think we can help.
David S. Kong: And that we have a.
Mike: What do you mean?
Mike: Want to imply to him
Mike: without actually lying, that we are in some way connected with the power structures in children
Mike: like, you know. We have an appointment with the magistrate later, and we've heard about the illness spreading amongst.
Mike: You know we've heard that your master and a few other important people are ill, and we thought, you know, we've come to try and
Mike: see if we can help him
Mike: recover his wits something like that without, but being very cautious about. You know, I don't want to say he's mad in public, being sort of kind.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Role.
Tim Sackton: I don't actually know if this is persuasion or deception, but whichever you feel is more appropriate. I don't know if you have the same plus in both.
Mike: Yeah, plus, I have a plus an 11 in persuasion and a plus 5. I rolled a 6, 30.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Well, a straight 16 5 plus the licenses.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So 16 with persuasion, he's yeah, I mean, he's he's convinced he's you know, not not.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't seem to be particular like.
Tim Sackton: you know. If it if you make noise like you might be able to help. He's
Tim Sackton: seems kind of a bit at wit's end, actually. And so yes, yes, it leads you into the sitting room.
Tim Sackton: and you can see that this is a few hours later. So it's it's now, maybe
Tim Sackton: 1111, 30.
Tim Sackton: Gaspar, the sort of old guy he's he looks. He looks in person. He looks frail. Sort of white hair kind of in a ring around his head, balding on top, but his his sitting on a on a comfortable chair. But his hand is shaking a little bit, and he's kind of
Tim Sackton: He's kind of staring off into space slightly, and
Tim Sackton: sitting in a in a dressing robe.
Tim Sackton: not not, you know, dressed for the day or anything, but just basically in robes.
Tim Sackton: and the woman, the middle aged woman you saw before, who seems clear like a servant kind of
Tim Sackton: gets out of the way as as the butler leads you in.
Tim Sackton: the butler stands sort of unobtrusively at the entranceway as the 2 of you approach.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't seem to really
Tim Sackton: He sort of shakes and and looks briefly up as you approach at the noise, but doesn't really register your presence.
Mike: Gaspar doesn't really register our presence.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Can sell, site.
Tim Sackton: You soul side him he is.
Tim Sackton: So he is confused.
Tim Sackton: Somewhat, obviously. But he's also there's
Tim Sackton: when you sort of when you soul site him, actually go ahead and make an insight check with advantage.
David S. Kong: 27.
Tim Sackton: So yeah.
Tim Sackton: What you actually see is,
Tim Sackton: there's almost like 2 layers to his aura like.
Tim Sackton: there's there's something inside that's just that's just kind of huddled, crouched looks actually deeply scared.
Tim Sackton: And then there's this outer layer that's that's confused and almost rejecting reality
Tim Sackton: like refusing to acknowledge the world around him.
David S. Kong: Interesting.
David S. Kong: Council will will.
David S. Kong: kind of as we're as we're hanging out, and he'll let he'll let Del with lead the conversation. But he's gonna spend his time and energy really focusing in on the scared inner consciousness.
David S. Kong: And he's going to start like kind of soothing that just giving a lot of like calming, like soothing energy being like, hey, you know, everything is okay. Like, you know, you can relax like things are different. Now. You're safe, you know, kind of giving a lot of those types of like that kind of like soothing, reassuring energy to the scared inner consciousness.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Or anything.
David S. Kong: See how effective I am at that.
Tim Sackton: In a minute.
Mike: Deal with. I'll step forward and sort of introduce himself, and
Mike: if he's, you know, just does he respond at all?
Tim Sackton: He looks at you. He doesn't say anything.
Tim Sackton: Obviously aware of your words.
Mike: May I examine you.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't resist or make any movement.
Mike: I'm going to cast detect.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: Interesting
Tim Sackton: So detect bots gives you a read on surface spots and
Tim Sackton: his service thoughts are all basically just no, no, no, no, no, no.
Mike: I'm gonna prompt. You.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I mean first, st I'll say before, hold on! Before I do, I want to say a few words like please let me please let me in, you know I'm trying to help.
Mike: you know. Don't resist this.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kong, go ahead and make a just a wisdom check for Kenzo. So just roll A. D. 20 and add your wisdom modifier, which I think it's plus 4.
David S. Kong: Nice. I know my wisdom. Modifiers. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Plus 4 I
David S. Kong: I rolled in 19. So 23.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: So so so so as you're doing this as dealt with is is talking
Tim Sackton: Kenzo sees this sort of scared inner consciousness.
Tim Sackton: you know, as the as the spell begins to probe the surface thoughts just almost curl up more like
Tim Sackton: And this sort of this. This fear radiates stronger, like
Tim Sackton: the the sort of vibe that you get is. And you're you're sort of trying to soothe this like nobody's trying to hurt you. But you still get this vibe like
Tim Sackton: Any kind of
Tim Sackton: like this is this, this is like what this is too too reminiscent of the past.
David S. Kong: What is too reminiscent of the class.
Tim Sackton: Intrusive mental magic.
Tim Sackton: But what is intrusive? Mentality, thought, spell.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, okay, oh, so so it's being he's being. He's reacting fear. And he just sorry when I soul sighted him. He's just like a normal dude, right? He's not like a he's not like a level, whatever.
Tim Sackton: No, no, he has. No, he's just a normal dude. Yeah.
David S. Kong: He's a civil.
Tim Sackton: I mean his experience. He probably is
Tim Sackton: smarter and wiser than the average commoner, but like he has no class levels or anything he's not. He's just a standard person.
David S. Kong: Got it.
Tim Sackton: Cr 0.
David S. Kong: So so Delta to detect thoughts, is triggering fear in. In the more fear for this inner being, like his inner consciousness.
Tim Sackton: Not so much just watching his surface thoughts, but when dealt with, is asking him about.
Tim Sackton: will you let me eat?
Tim Sackton: Probe like something is registering in what.
David S. Kong: Wait. Sorry deal with you. Asked him if you wanted to cast us to read his mind. What happened.
Mike: I asked if he would let me in before I did anything else.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, yeah. Kenzel's like, let's just kind of telling devil to slow down.
David S. Kong: But sorry. Why do you want to read his mind?
Mike: Well to see what he's. He's trying to write something that he can't get out.
Mike: He seems to know something, maybe not. Maybe he doesn't know anything.
David S. Kong: Pencil will like
David S. Kong: like the the inner, the inner consciousness that he's been kind of soothing. He'll like kind of like kind of communicate questioningly to it. Like being like, you know, is there something you want to say? You know, type like it's it's safe. It's okay to say what you want to say.
Tim Sackton: So you don't. You don't get any. Kenzo does not get any reaction to this.
Tim Sackton: But dealt with your surface level. Read on his thoughts, changes to yes.
Mike: I'll say so. Think it.
Mike: or let me find it.
Tim Sackton: He sort of and sort of
Mike: I mean, when Kenzo said, Slow down, I did not. I have not attempted to probe deeper yet.
Tim Sackton: I know he sort of blinks, and his hand twitches like he's trying to write something.
David S. Kong: Kenzo continues to soothe and encourage it, to express itself, express himself.
Tim Sackton: He looks around, and he's sort of croaking more.
Tim Sackton: And in his mind he's thinking paper.
Tim Sackton: You just see it. See an image of this like blank paper in his mind.
David S. Kong: Give me some paper.
Mike: Yeah, I'll say that the servant paper quickly.
Tim Sackton: Servant runs over, and she brings him like app
Tim Sackton: paper on like a lap desk and and ink.
Tim Sackton: and he begins writing it as gibberish. But you see, as he's writing in his mind dealt with the service thoughts.
Tim Sackton: Fausto has corrupted us.
Tim Sackton: Somebody must stop him.
Tim Sackton: The bureaucracy, the chamber of stamps is falling.
Tim Sackton: I I don't know how. It's all just coming out of gibberish, and he gets really frustrated, and he screams again and rips it up and throws the paper, and says
Tim Sackton: more.
David S. Kong: Kenzo at this point will will communicate again to the inner, the the scared inner consciousness.
David S. Kong: and say, Bastow's gone.
David S. Kong: He's no longer in control.
David S. Kong: You're safe and just kind of repeat that over and over and over again.
David S. Kong: Faso's gone.
David S. Kong: He's no longer in control.
David S. Kong: You're safe.
Tim Sackton: Gowth is reading quite a lot of skepticism on his surface thoughts.
David S. Kong: Do we have any proof of Fausto's death?
David S. Kong: We killed Fausta. Did we like keep anything? Do we like.
Mike: We didn't like keep his head or anything like that. No, no, he did not.
Mike: What do you mean?
David S. Kong: When we killed him.
Tim Sackton: Wedded! What.
David S. Kong: What did Fausto have on him when we killed him?
Mike: The crown.
Tim Sackton: The crown.
David S. Kong: What else?
Tim Sackton: I mean he had.
Tim Sackton: He had like a staff in his robes. But
Tim Sackton: The crown was his main possession.
Tim Sackton: He didn't feel he needed much other than the crown.
Mike: I will sort of
Mike: look at. Get down with a sort of look at, look at Gaspar, and say.
Mike: let me tell you a story, can you?
Mike: And I'll tell a story of like how we came to Chardon and went to Festus's Tower and
Mike: discovered that he was trying to kill us, and
Mike: you know, mention a bunch of the cleansed and talk about how they're.
Mike: Oh, man, wait! We have the mirror right?
Mike: But it's around Welby's neck.
Tim Sackton: It's either that or it's in Vinyasharna.
Mike: Might be a bit to show and that you know.
Tim Sackton: Killed most of the. I guess you have, Antonio.
Tim Sackton: But she was oh, you have the people who were.
Mike: Freight.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Hector's in the mirror. Vola's on the show.
Mike: The other 2.
Tim Sackton: The other 2 are in Tokara.
Mike: We went to Allison Park yesterday.
Mike: We you know. I'll tell the start. I'll be like, you know we
Mike: like. I'll leave out a bunch of stuff. But like, put in enough details that like clearly.
Mike: you know, we've been to chart, and we like mention a bunch of names.
Mike: Fix.
Tim Sackton: Persuasion, check.
Mike: Who Fausto was controlling
Mike: 21.
Tim Sackton: So as you're as you're telling this story,
Tim Sackton: he doesn't immediately react. But you see that tears are beginning to stream down his face, and Kenzo, the
Tim Sackton: the scared inner part.
Tim Sackton: begins to. It's I mean it's still scared, but it seems like it begins to relax a little bit.
Mike: We know much about how.
David S. Kong: As I say, we know much about how Fausto.
Mike: Did what he did, and his artifact
Mike: power is gone forever from China.
Mike: We've sent it somewhere where nobody in the city could use it.
Mike: We hope I won't say that right now.
Mike: That's our plan.
Mike: The I'll tell him we we know how much damage
Mike: Fausto caused with his control of the chain trade, and we want to undo some of that damage.
Tim Sackton: His. His hands are shaking, and and he starts coughing a little bit, but he's yelling more, and he's like waving the servant over.
Tim Sackton: and he starts. He grabs the the paper and he starts writing again, and
Tim Sackton: he's like trying really hard to like make words, and
Tim Sackton: just sort of stops and relaxes himself and begins drop writing like the E.
Tim Sackton: Ow.
Tim Sackton: The A. R.
Tim Sackton: I.
Tim Sackton: And then he like underlines it. And what you're
Tim Sackton: it's now probably past a minute, but I assume you just cast the spell again right.
Mike: Yeah, sure.
Tim Sackton: You're seeing it as mine, like
Tim Sackton: the sort of sense of like.
Tim Sackton: It's not just fast. There's bribe. There's bribes flowing.
David S. Kong: Bribes, from who to who.
Tim Sackton: Well, Fasto was bribing people, not just controlling people. Sorry. That's what I meant.
David S. Kong: Oh, got it? Okay, got it?
Tim Sackton: Not just the crown, it was bribes.
Mike: Who is he bribing?
Mike: Is this guy now?
Mike: So.
Tim Sackton: Looking at what's on the piece of paper.
Mike: I mean I am looking. Does he write? Is he writing names on the piece of paper.
Tim Sackton: He wrote VELD a RI.
Mike: Am I supposed to know who that is?
Tim Sackton: If you read your notes you would know who that was.
Mike: I did read the notes, but I don't have the notes in front.
David S. Kong: I'm looking at it right now. It's 1 of the 4 oligarch cameras, Schwartz. We established that
David S. Kong: that Fausto is the Jeffrey Epstein of Chardin.
David S. Kong: He he was basically like taking all of his wealth.
David S. Kong: that he had gotten to know lizard ways and was like paying to the the academics and the universities to like get curry favor from the you know.
David S. Kong: the very, the various folks and was was, yeah, like was basically burnishing his own reputation through support of, like the universities and blah blah blah.
Tim Sackton: And also was apparently bribing.
Mike: One of the oligarch families.
Mike: Okay? Well, that's worthwhile information.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's great information.
Tim Sackton: And with that we'll cut over to Wellbe.
Tim Sackton: I I should say. At that point. He's like he's clearly exhausted himself.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, no. I was. Gonna say.
Tim Sackton: Slumped back, coughing like the the woman, the servant is sort of
Tim Sackton: fluttering around him like trying to get him to drink. And
Tim Sackton: you know, swatting at you a little bit like. Let them rest. Let him rest. Give them space.
Mike: Yeah, well, we'll we'll well switch over to Wealthy. But we'll we'll leave him in, Pete. Yeah, I'm gonna
Mike: I'm gonna check. I wanna you know now that I know him, it's easier to check in on him. I can cast training, whatever. But for right now we'll just. We'll just.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna cut over to Welby. Yes.
Tim Sackton: so you are well, obvious. Your main goal is to find information about what sailors think about
Tim Sackton: It's to find information about what Sellers think about the magistrates, but also anything else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was there anything else we wanted to get from this.
Mike: That was the main thing idea I had. I don't know if there's anything else useful, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, yeah. We'll try that.
Mike: I mean, I think the Meta information we want to know is, what might the magistrates want
Mike: from a bargaining chip perspective? Right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So I'm gonna I'm gonna say so. So while he's probably you're probably not just like going to talk to one person, right? You're like drifting through the.
Tim Sackton: And sort of you know.
Tim Sackton: you're quite familiar with working ports, right? Just kind of checking in with people and
Tim Sackton: you know, popping into taverns, occasionally talking to halflings, but also some humans, just generally taking a few hours
Tim Sackton: the after most of the afternoon to kinda gather rumors. So I'll say, make
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! You're proficient invest. Never mind, don't bother rolling.
Tim Sackton: What's your minimum investigation role?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 22.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so yeah, don't. But well, roll, just because if you roll really high, maybe you'll get some especially good information.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's just a 22.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah. So it it takes you a good part of the afternoon. But you manage to sort of
Tim Sackton: talk to just a diverse cross section of the charted ports, and you know there's
Tim Sackton: there's a sort of few things that stand out to you. So 1st of all,
Tim Sackton: you know, there's not only navy guys and and women in town, right like
Tim Sackton: several ships, have come in recently. A lot of the navy was in the Nevo sea dealing with the Darba situation. But some carriers have come back so, and
Tim Sackton: the Navy basically universally loves the magistrates. He's like
Tim Sackton: the hero of the people. He's the defender of freedom. He's the, you know.
Tim Sackton: keeps us safe. He's the hero of Chardon, he's, you know.
Tim Sackton: and and this does not seem to be just like a put on vibe, right? This is like.
Tim Sackton: you know, he genuinely has a very strong base of support in the navy. And he he. Actually, you learn this talking to them like there's lots of stories of him
Tim Sackton: sailing on navy ships like, even from a young age, right? So when he was like 14. He was
Tim Sackton: sailing as a midshipman on naval ships into war and performing feats of daring. Do. And you know, like there's
Tim Sackton: tells that you're not sure whether they're really
Tim Sackton: true or not, but, like of.
Tim Sackton: you know, fighting, you know, helping lead the navy to
Tim Sackton: Fight off sea monsters in the on the sort of strange foreign coasts of the Aporian Peninsula, like the way down South, where it sort of drifts into mangrove swamps that everybody's scared of.
Tim Sackton: You know that, even like Milo and well, Milo and and Tilly, we're not scared of anything. But we're, you know, this is dangerous, even if it's cool.
Tim Sackton: So there's all these kinds of like, perhaps somewhat larger than life. But you're feeling really is. There's a grain of truth to them like
Tim Sackton: so from the Navy. It's really the vibe of like this guy really has.
Tim Sackton: You know, he's the protector of chart, and he's like he has our interests at heart.
Tim Sackton: you know you talk to sailors and merchants and people. There's more grumbling, right, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: but it's sort of directionally the same. A lot of the grumblings like,
Tim Sackton: you know, he's caught what he pays
Tim Sackton: grain merchants from the really. So. There's really productive agricultural land sort of along the river between here and the Never and Lake Philandres.
Tim Sackton: and he's like cut into the profits of
Tim Sackton: the grain merchants in order to lower the price of the grain dole for the people of Chardin.
Tim Sackton: you know he's he's not.
Tim Sackton: you know, even there, there's always this, you know, there's still this undercurrent of like people
Tim Sackton: the sort of more cynical people are like. Oh, you know he likes fame.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: He. He's doing it because
Tim Sackton: some people are like, yeah, okay, this is like how he thinks the situation. But other people are like
Tim Sackton: he likes to hear stories of himself as the hero like he's this is the sort of cynical. Take
Tim Sackton: But again, it's sort of directionally the same as what the people in the Navy say. It's like.
Tim Sackton: The stories you hear are mostly of
Tim Sackton: this sort of whether it's whether it's entirely real or somewhat constructed this image of sort of a Populist hero.
Tim Sackton: You know he has not been he, you know not everything is, you know.
Tim Sackton: There are certainly merchants who grumble right like, you know, he's raised some tariffs. He's certainly like he's prosecuted a bunch of wars like he bought a war against the
Tim Sackton: against pirates in the Nevo Sea, and he conquered Elloria, and then he went after
Tim Sackton: Dunmar, and that's expensive, and so like, there's people who are grumbling about. Oh, the.
Tim Sackton: You know the the port tariffs are higher, and
Tim Sackton: you know things like that.
Tim Sackton: but that, you know
Tim Sackton: that's probably not the dominant picture. And even then it's like, you know clearly, people who
Tim Sackton: had to pay higher taxes are often grumbling about having to pay higher taxes. But you know
Tim Sackton: that's just part of life right grumbling about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How long has he been in power now.
Tim Sackton: So he.
Tim Sackton: So the war against the war against Alorian piracy was about 5 years ago, when, or maybe 6 years ago, now when he was 18.
Tim Sackton: He's now 24,
Tim Sackton: and he's been in power for 3 years. So he was. He was an admiral in the navy before he became.
Tim Sackton: He was a. He was the youngest, ever admiral of the southern branch of the Chardonian navy, and
Tim Sackton: led the navy to a resounding victory against what had been pretty. And actually, you do hear this from the Halflings. Actually that
Tim Sackton: Well, people might grumble about Chardonians like
Tim Sackton: there had been a pretty serious problem with Allurean piracy who were even attacking conflict boats which is like
Tim Sackton: insane. Nobody does that, and at least the way the Havelings tell it. You know it was partly
Tim Sackton: them complaining that got the Chardonian navy to actually
Tim Sackton: clear out the shipping lanes in the Nevo Sea. Now
Tim Sackton: people argue about whether he went too far or not, and whether actually conquering all of Aloria was necessary to deal with piracy.
Tim Sackton: you know halflings have mixed opinions on that.
Tim Sackton: but at least that the sort of kernel
Tim Sackton: that seems to be consistent is like, you know, there was a real problem with piracy. People were dying.
Tim Sackton: and he stopped it, and then, like it, was a sort of meteoric rise to fame.
Tim Sackton: He became known, and he was like this dashing young admiral that everybody knew.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: Everybody knew he was being groomed to be his aunt's successor.
Tim Sackton: and so when she died, it was not surprising that he quickly acted. He she died
Tim Sackton: not young, but maybe younger than was expected. She was like 70, which, for a
Tim Sackton: you know, Chardonian Magister is.
Tim Sackton: you know, could easily have lived 5 years longer, but even though he was only
Tim Sackton: 21 at the time, he, like quickly solidified power largely through his
Tim Sackton: adoring fans in the wind collars in the navy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What were the circumstances of his aunt's death?
Tim Sackton: No, nobody has any suspicion that it was suspicious like. It's, you know.
Tim Sackton: some disease that could not be cured by magic. Somehow I don't. I've never decided what diseases can't be cured by magic, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. I mean, that's good information.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby is like starting to appreciate this guy despite himself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have we ever met rulers without like serious issues? No.
Tim Sackton: Well, I don't know. Sarah, I guess, had some issues.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You haven't met that many rulers.
Tim Sackton: Well, the King of the King of the Orcs didn't have any issues. He was pretty. He was a pretty good guy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He was great. He was great, all right. Well, we'll
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): meet back, and anything else we want to know out here.
Tim Sackton: So so at this point, you know.
Tim Sackton: you know, it's like mid afternoon. Bobby has been out sort of for the bulk of the day
Tim Sackton: dealt with, and Kenzo are just returning from the Nebo's, from the Neera domains, talking to Gaspar.
Tim Sackton: and all 3 of you at the same time get a message, a sending message in your head.
Tim Sackton: Apologies for the late notice.
Tim Sackton: Tomorrow, 9 Am. Imperial Palace.
David S. Kong: This is from Tiberius, or from
Tim Sackton: Tiberius.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Present yourself at the I mean, it's obvious with you. Present yourself at the gates, say you've got an appointment.
Tim Sackton: so you probably have a few hours before dinner, if there's anything else that you want to try and accomplish. But we could also, just.
Tim Sackton: you know, take a little bit of time to
Tim Sackton: ask around about where to buy rings of fire resistance, and then move on to the morning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that sounds good.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you get some leads on where to buy rings of fire resistance.
Tim Sackton: takes a few days to arrange, but should be possible to purchase price to be negotiated.
Tim Sackton: But don't really have time to finish that negotiation now.
Tim Sackton: As you return to the barking seal for dinner, and then
Tim Sackton: sleep. Presumably. I guess all of you can crash it the Halfling Tavern, unless you want to go somewhere else.
Mike: No, that's fine, I mean, do we have a plan for the magistrate tomorrow, and.
Tim Sackton: This is what what dinner is for. If you want to make a brand.
Mike: The other question would be.
Tim Sackton: Got your private room back.
Mike: Do we know anything about the
Mike: I keep wanting to say, Bargallde, but what are they called so so.
Tim Sackton: Eldari.
Mike: Oh, sorry we know anything about the veldari.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait. Who are they? Again? Sorry.
Mike: They're the ones who Fausta was apparently bribing.
Mike: so they seem like they might have been in Fausto's pocket might still be potentially a problem of something.
David S. Kong: There are 4 families he could have been bribing all 4 of them, or at least this one, but possibly more.
Tim Sackton: Right. This is the one Gaspar knew about.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: That does not mean it was the only one that Festo was biting.
Mike: True.
David S. Kong: Can you scry?
David S. Kong: actually, Tim Kenzo checks his rolodex. Was Fausto mind controlling any of these other 4 families? The oligarchs.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: No way he was not.
David S. Kong: That's interesting.
David S. Kong: I wonder why.
David S. Kong: I wonder if the oligarchs like have their own like, you know? Is it there is it like a sort of are, are the oligarch families like kind of the the
David S. Kong: you know. Do they have their own little mini mage guards that like protect them and shit like that their own little kind of security apparatuses, you know.
Mike: Is there any.
Tim Sackton: Possible. According to the Tanchi, the magistrate has something that prevents his mind from being read
Tim Sackton: even by the gods.
Mike: Do the can we, before dinner ask amongst our proletariat contacts
Mike: if there's a family that's better or worse, like, do they have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Mike: Preferences amongst these 4 oligarchs? Is there one who's like
Mike: always the nastiest and like the most
Mike: right? Or is it like they don't even care, or know the difference.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So I mean, so there's 4 families. There's the
Tim Sackton: Oratten, which is the magistrates's family, but mostly his 3rd cousins, some second cousins who actually is pretty much exclusively 3rd cousins. There's the veldari that you just heard about. There's the patelios, and there's the Kellorian.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: The.
Tim Sackton: You know that.
Tim Sackton: you know. Kenzo swings back past his on your way back from the from the narrow States. You're already on that side of the well. You have to cross over and then cross back, but you take a little. You take a
Tim Sackton: you know, a rowboat, a few stops to go check in. And, you know.
Tim Sackton: ask around a bit in the slums, ask Andros and and Orsuno what what they think. I mean
Tim Sackton: in a lot of ways. Nobody really cared that much like
Tim Sackton: no family really stood out as being different than the worst except that the.
Tim Sackton: So the Calorian and the Oratin families are sort of like the old families.
Tim Sackton: and to the extent to which anybody cared, they were seen as the as the sort of like the
Tim Sackton: you know, the Calorian family didn't didn't like, you know. They? They're always disdainful of the workers, but
Tim Sackton: to the extent to which they made a
Tim Sackton: deal they were. They didn't try and cheat you like. It's not like their factories were safe, but.
Mike: This is the.
Tim Sackton: So like.
Mike: Orion family. You said.
Tim Sackton: The the Calorian and the Aratan are the 2, the 2 sort of
Tim Sackton: I mean. The Aratan was the original oligarch, and the Calorian were like their close allies historically.
Tim Sackton: And they're both like old patrician families, basically like they're sort of, you know.
Tim Sackton: the the workers are just there like, we're not actively cruel to them. We just don't care about them.
Mike: Right, right.
Tim Sackton: Nobody had. The the Feldari family was by far the smallest. They didn't control very much of the chile trade.
Tim Sackton: The patelios
Tim Sackton: had been building a ton of factories, and a lot of people died in actually in factory construction accidents and all of their new factories were all like
Tim Sackton: rush jobs, and definitely the most unsafe working conditions.
Mike: That was the the Lorian.
Tim Sackton: Calios.
Mike: Carriers.
Mike: I should look at the notes before I try and say the names.
Mike: Okay, okay.
Tim Sackton: So after that stop, you were grouped for dinner
Tim Sackton: at the Barking seal to make plans for your meeting with the magistrates tomorrow morning.
David S. Kong: All right. So just to prep for that for a second. So as far as we know, the magistrates is basically kind of most in league with the wind colors, and his like kind of power comes from that alliance. Right? All fair so far
David S. Kong: the wind call. What's the what do we know about the windcaller's relationships with the with the oligarch families, like what is Tiberius's vibe? There.
Tim Sackton: I think I mean, we know they don't like each other
Tim Sackton: that he was like. They're totally like. They don't deserve to control this valuable resource.
David S. Kong: Right? Right? And so do we do, we presume, do we? So we don't ever. So we we guess the magistrates, also is potentially anti the 4 families, the current controllers.
Tim Sackton: Well, one of them is his family, but you know he's not close to his cousins.
David S. Kong: Alright. Well, let's go. Let's let's let's I'm I'm curious to see where this all what the what the dynamic is here.
David S. Kong: I mean, I think. Wait! Oh, and actually, what's the what's the
David S. Kong: The working class perception of the the 4 families? Are they like fuck the fuck, these 4 families like these, these oligarchs? Is there like a class consciousness? Or are they like, you know.
David S. Kong: like red, and that is red like fuck? The 4 oligarchs.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, none of them are
Tim Sackton: well, I mean, this is the whole debate, right? Like people like Orson now are are like, you know.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we still need them.
Tim Sackton: It would. It would nice. It would be nice to, you know, not risk dying in an explosion. But, like, you know, we need coin, and people like Rad are
Tim Sackton: just burn them all to the ground. We'll find something else to do.
David S. Kong: Got it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there is some skill involved in chile process, skilled labor.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I was just gonna ask, like, is this a thing where it's like, it's like, actually, what they would really want is still to have that industry there, but really take control of that industry as opposed to having it. Be this, like poor oligarch, family.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I think it's you know, it's clear that from the point of view of
Tim Sackton: chart like, it's not clear. Some of them definitely think that right? It's not obvious that they like take pride in their work because
Tim Sackton: the working conditions are generally so poor. But like there is a bit of a vibe right? Like I mean, they know everybody knows that like clean water comes from the fountains because of J. Light, right? You know, they hear stories of sickness in other cities, and they're like nobody in charter never gets sick from drinking water
Tim Sackton: like there's there's like stones in most in most plazas where you can go, and you just touch the stone, and it cleans your clothes like there's a lot of magic in Chardon that's not present elsewhere that's almost exclusively powered by Cheli.
David S. Kong: And okay, here's like another great thing. So in in the neighborhoods where where Kenza grew up in the north, there are not like magic power fountains and fucking like that's that's all of that's automated. Magic is in the rich parts of town.
Tim Sackton: Well, there wasn't. There was not when Kenza was was growing up, but actually the fountain in the foundry market now is chelike powered. It's just
Tim Sackton: been trashed. But, like in the past
Tim Sackton: couple of years, there has been more investment in the north bank.
Tim Sackton: not so much in the the like. The the worst slums, the like river, the slums that are like right up against the refineries where people like red live.
Tim Sackton: that are outside the walls are still
Tim Sackton: like pretty much barren from infrastructure. But the taillight levels have seen.
Tim Sackton: you know, like they have. They have chi like purified water. Now they didn't when you were a kid.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: But like 18 months ago, there was, you know, fountains installed across the channelite levels.
David S. Kong: So there's like, there's so there's like some pride. At least, that's like, Hey, our work is contributing to like making everybody's lives better.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, this is what people like are are sino. And there is clearly a divide between people who live
Tim Sackton: in chelite levels, which is like not a great place to live, but clearly a step up from the slums outside the walls.
David S. Kong: All right.
Tim Sackton: And in fact, it seems like, you know, one of the big differences is that
Tim Sackton: the oligarch families own essentially all the land outside the walls.
Tim Sackton: And so they are not only your boss, they're also your landlord.
David S. Kong: Who lives outside the walls.
Tim Sackton: That's like the slummiest of the slums that's river. It's the basin and riverside are like the districts, and it's like so red lives outside the walls that partly contributes a lot of the crane operators live outside the walls.
David S. Kong: Can they live within the walls or outside the walls?
Tim Sackton: Chenzo lived in Chenzo, grew up in chelite levels with with Xavier.
David S. Kong: Inside the wall.
Tim Sackton: So it's like the slums. But inside the walls.
David S. Kong: Got it. Okay, okay.
Tim Sackton: But when Kenza was a kid there wasn't really much difference between.
David S. Kong: Got it got it, but now now.
Tim Sackton: That's the north bank. Slot.
David S. Kong: Right. But Kenza's old neighborhood is now like upper lower class.
Tim Sackton: It's yeah. It's like, it's like a step up from.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's up to people.
Tim Sackton: Are still poor, but they have clean water. They usually have a roof over their head like.
David S. Kong: Got it, got it, and I can get it. The people outside the walls they're they're not seeing any benefit from the shade light. So they're like, burn it all down alright cool. Got it? This is all good.
David S. Kong: Let's go talk to the Emperor.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So the next morning you
Tim Sackton: present yourselves at the gates to the Imperial Palace.
Tim Sackton: And you are escorted through a ornate quite ornate, you know. Think like sort of Renaissance Italy, like paintings on the ceilings, big domed, stained glass windows. Series of halls to an antechamber, guarded with by 4 guards, one of whom
Tim Sackton: Stops you as you approach, and apologizes and says,
Tim Sackton: The magistrates!
Tim Sackton: We'll see you, but I must insist that you leave all weapons, arcane or other spell, foci.
Tim Sackton: and dangerous implements here. I promise they will be guarded.
David S. Kong: Tim Solsight, trustworthy.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he's he's a typical guard. He seems like he's telling the truth.
Mike: We slept right.
Tim Sackton: Yes, this is actually, yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That seems reasonable, right?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Not atypical, for speaking with heads of state.
David S. Kong: All right. Fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Be my staff.
David S. Kong: Well.
Tim Sackton: I mean Kenzo honestly, is equally dangerous with or without his.
Tim Sackton: It makes pretty much no difference.
David S. Kong: I'm included.
Mike: I mean, that was.
Tim Sackton: That one has your shield.
Mike: Yeah, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm confident I can grab a knife off of somebody and.
Mike: If it all technical. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you step into what looks like the magistress's private audience chamber?
Tim Sackton: It's relatively simple compared to the rest of
Tim Sackton: you know, the rooms, the corridors you've been traveling through. It's a small circular room, maybe
Tim Sackton: 30, 2020 feet across, in 20 feet in diameter. The magistrates is sitting
Tim Sackton: not in an ornate throne, or anything like that, but
Tim Sackton: in a in a raised chair.
Tim Sackton: and which is just like a few levels up on a dais above a table in front.
Tim Sackton: and he stands as you approach. He's he's a young, he's young, I mean. He's definitely handsome. He's, you know, 24 fit
Tim Sackton: like. Clearly, you can see the sailors physique. He's got sort of
Tim Sackton: You know, permanently sort of
Tim Sackton: deeply tan skin from his years on the.
Mike: Hold on, guys! I'll be right back. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Sorry. I just need to step away for once.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: Sort of short, short hair, sort of a.
Tim Sackton: you know, dark brown trending to black a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Piercing hazel green eyes.
Tim Sackton: wearing relatively, I mean, clearly, perfectly tailored and you know, with fine details like gold thread along the collar and things. But this isn't like a billowy, billowing, ornate robes. He doesn't have some big headpiece on, or anything. It's just a very neat and very fancy and very perfectly tailored sort of
Tim Sackton: what would be the sort of modern equivalent of like a perfectly tailored nice suit. But we're not talking about like a tox, or, you know.
Tim Sackton: tails or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: There's nobody else in the room.
Tim Sackton: There are windows along one wall through which light is streaming in and he sort of stands
Tim Sackton: and gestures for you to sit and gives a short bow. But I'm gonna
Tim Sackton: hope Mike's gonna be back in a sec, because I think we should wait for him.
David S. Kong: Then soul, site.
Tim Sackton: Nothing, see nothing.
David S. Kong: Oh!
David S. Kong: That is a new, so sad of me, and it's fascinating.
Tim Sackton: He is wearing several rings.
David S. Kong: How many.
Tim Sackton: 3 rings.
David S. Kong: As an aside, this is actually
David S. Kong: After we finished our stats we played last week right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: After we played our session last week, I did an impromptu DM. Session for Jen and her friend Emily.
David S. Kong: and cause like they they had like seen this video where this like dude, I forget. He's like some some pod, some I don't even know some guy. I don't even know who he is, exactly, but he's on some show with this woman. And then they were talking about D and D, and he was like what was D and D, and then this woman she like plays and also dms, and she was like, Oh, well, like
David S. Kong: like, you know. Imagine that you're you're like in the woods. And then you see this like this huge, you know, owl there, or whatever, and it looks like, and it's like, what do you do? And then he's like, Well, what do you mean? He's like, well, what do you do? It's like, do you get closer? And he's like, Yeah, I yeah, I guess I kind of get closer. I want to see what's going on. And she's like, she's like, okay, make an investigation check. He's like, Oh, okay, so roll this dice. And then he basically, she basically like plays out this scene.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: And he's like, Oh, shit! That was really cool.
David S. Kong: And so then I was with like Jen and her friend, and they were. They were like drinking a little bit, and then, like, you know, they had dinner earlier, and then, like we were talking for talking, and then I ended up doing.
Mike: Our cat caught a mouse, and data did not want to deal with it.
David S. Kong: Nice nice Mike, while we were taking. I was just very quickly. I was just telling him about like after last session. I did a little mini DM for Jen and her her friend and I basically played out the scene where the 2 of them were Druids and they
David S. Kong: and they they one of them could like talk to inside, and I had it so. Each one had a familiar like one.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Jen had a Jen had an owl named Fred, and Emily had a squirrel named Paul, and they basically were like they were in some festival, and then they went out to go explore, and then, like they were in part of the woods, they never been before, and it opened up into this like huge clearing, where there's like the biggest tree they'd ever seen in their lives. I was just freestyling the whole thing.
David S. Kong: And there was this, like golden, like thread, like this golden thing, like wrapped around the tree. And so, as they, as they like, walked closer to the tree, they could start hearing songs in their head like that, like Emily's character, heard like the song of like this, like when her mother used to sing to her as a kid or whatever. So, anyways, like we played this whole thing, we ended up playing for like almost 2 h, and I had to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bye.
David S. Kong: I had to go to work. I had to like work on some shit. And they were still like, because they basically like it was so funny, because, like they were trying to 1st that they sent their familiars in, they sent them familiars, went in once they got close to the tree, you know, and then, like I ended up making it so that the entity was kind of like haunted.
David S. Kong: Emily started talking to the entity like directly in her mind, because, as it was singing, there's like she started singing with a song on her head. So anyways, I did this whole thing, and then, like the the golden thing around the tree, ended up like wrapping around Jen's arms. So then she had this like entity, and so she was going to have some powers, but then also be like kind of cursed.
David S. Kong: and then and then and then. So they basically like, are now recruited, like all of these friends that to play
David S. Kong: steal it
David S. Kong: want to play. And yeah, like, the larger group of people that want to play is now like growing. They're all like, Oh, yeah, I want to play us. And there's like as many like, just like 5 people, 5 to 6 people that want to play. And whatever the hell is. And so now, like they sent Fred the Owl, to go and get help, because, like now and so now it's like when the owl goes to get help. It can go get, get whoever else.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Right
David S. Kong: part of the thing. So anyway. So, Tim, I need to like, I need to like get some advice, because now I like, I think I think they actually want to start a full on like they want to play more like they're hooked like Jen and Jen and Emily.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Like, why, we gotta stop now like they're all like super into it. So anyways awesome.
David S. Kong: It's a whole thing. Yeah. And it's pretty funny to the people that want to play like one of our friends like Sophia is actually like a pretty famous actress, and she'd never done D and d before. And she's like, Oh, hell, yeah, I want to do this. I'm like, All right, cool. So now I've got this like, I got this like like group that's emerging. So I need to like, I don't know when the fuck I'm gonna have time for this, but I gotta like figure this out. They're all stoked. So, Tim, I need some like dming advice. Now that I'm like getting this this.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: But anyways, fun, fun, fun, stuff on the side.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, awesome. Okay.
Tim Sackton: let's do it. So back to the magisters. So, Mike, while you're gone, the one thing that happened is, Kenzo tried to soul site the magistrates and sees nothing at all.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Fantastic.
Tim Sackton: And he stands.
Tim Sackton: And now Schwartz is gone. Maybe Schwartz can still hear us. Okay, awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He stands any sort of motions for you to
Tim Sackton: to sit, and and gives a little bow and starts by saying, I must apologize.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry, not only that it takes so long to meet you, but that you had to endure
Tim Sackton: the questioning of Tiberius must understand that things are tricky right now, I have, to be sure.
Tim Sackton: but based on what he said. I believe that the city, and indeed
Tim Sackton: all people of the world, owe you quite a great debt of gratitude.
Tim Sackton: So, before we speak, let me just say, thank you.
Tim Sackton: Your deeds may not be widely publicized, but they are appreciated.
David S. Kong: Thank you for acknowledging our efforts over these past many months.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, thank you.
Mike: Yeah, you're welcome.
Tim Sackton: You wish to speak of. I forget actually what you said in your message.
David S. Kong: Well, I.
Mike: I don't think we said anything about chile per se. Just we had information about the
Mike: late events, right? And we wanted to explain why he thinks we were bad, did bad things.
David S. Kong: So. Well, well, thank thank you for for acknowledging our efforts. And
David S. Kong: we also appreciate you for clearing our names.
David S. Kong: I think, as you know, we
David S. Kong: Fasto was a great Nemesis of ours, and he.
David S. Kong: I know, took advantage of many here in Chardon.
David S. Kong: and used very powerful magic through. What we now understand was his corruption of the Chelite trade.
David S. Kong: and created mimics of us, that
David S. Kong: did tremendous damage, and while it was not us, it was done in our our image and
David S. Kong: I'm not sure if you know this, but I'm actually from chart, and I'm from here.
David S. Kong: and this city means a lot to me, and I'm glad that
David S. Kong: While we were able to bring
David S. Kong: Fausto to justice, I appreciate you also for for clearing clearing our names.
Tim Sackton: Well, we were all deceived by Fasto.
David S. Kong: Indeed.
Tim Sackton: Before we speak of other matters. I must also say, Dawah, I appreciate you.
Tim Sackton: Sending a message to Marius Cusico.
Tim Sackton: I received a visitor from the priests at the hospital of the mother who are attending him to him this morning.
Tim Sackton: He still has not spoken since that day. His mind broke, but
Tim Sackton: seemed to understand the words that were read to him at least, or his eyes
Tim Sackton: flickered in acknowledgment when you're mentioned. Others
Tim Sackton: who had had time stolen from them by evil magic.
Tim Sackton: I think in time he would appreciate a visit from you, and maybe it would
Tim Sackton: help him strangely. They say the thing that seemed to calm him the most was a
Tim Sackton: Orvin cleric who had stopped by to acquire some supplies.
Tim Sackton: It is a challenge we face now the aftermath of this chaos.
Tim Sackton: it seems the human mind is
Tim Sackton: struggles to accept being possessed for years on end.
Tim Sackton: It is not so surprising to me.
Tim Sackton: Do not think, or I possessed in such a way
Tim Sackton: my mind would survive intact years of
Tim Sackton: I actually don't know what it must be like.
Tim Sackton: so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh! Oh! I think.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps the mercies of the places of the mother are
Tim Sackton: what he needs right now. I hope that in time he will appreciate your words.
Tim Sackton: and I appreciate you thinking of him. He was.
Tim Sackton: He was a mentor to me in my youth.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Many in the city, I think, who suffer
Mike: as he does.
Tim Sackton: Yes, indeed. The priests have been well.
Tim Sackton: I have asked a lot of my priests in the past weeks, not only
Tim Sackton: spending time trying to track down those all who are lost.
Tim Sackton: and at least provide them care and shelter
Tim Sackton: at the hospital of the mother.
Tim Sackton: but tending to the outbreak of lycanthropy that seems to have spread through the city in the past weeks.
Mike: It has.
Tim Sackton: Been a lot.
Mike: We've heard tell of that like cancer outbreak, but only but few details.
David S. Kong: The.
Tim Sackton: My priests tell me. It was paused by the
Tim Sackton: bringing together of this plane and pandemonium
Tim Sackton: that caused great chaos in the Kaila's market, now nearly 2 months ago.
Tim Sackton: and we missed it at 1st because well.
Tim Sackton: it was not a full moon at the time.
Tim Sackton: and it was only weeks later that
Tim Sackton: a few like canthrope started spreading through the city. But of course my canthropriate spreads exponentially.
David S. Kong: How do we does it spread? Do we know that Metagame.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, because Kenza was bitten by a werewolf and was cursed himself.
David S. Kong: Yeah. But is it only through biting? Or is it also like viral, or through the air.
Tim Sackton: No, only through biting saliva.
Tim Sackton: In any case, I have asked much of my priests, and I hear they have not found nearly all of those who are
Tim Sackton: so afflicted, for
Tim Sackton: many of them seem insensate, and
Tim Sackton: it is hard to find there.
Tim Sackton: There is a strange coincidence.
Tim Sackton: Many of those who we have uncovered seem to have
Tim Sackton: been associated with the Chamber of Stamps and the Chelite control board.
Tim Sackton: Yay!
Mike: Though I can't throats.
Tim Sackton: No, the those with cursed minds.
Mike: Yeah, sweet, we may be able to provide some help there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know.
Mike: We recovered from Fausto a list of everybody he was controlling.
Tim Sackton: Impressive.
Tim Sackton: He must have kept such information close to his person, for we found no such record in his tower.
Tim Sackton: But then again, I guess you killed him, did you not.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: That would indeed be of great use to us.
Tim Sackton: It would certainly simplify the work of the priests.
David S. Kong: Sorry the priests who are trying to heal those that were under his control.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Well, he's he's not sure how to heal them. Exactly, but what he's been.
Tim Sackton: So there's this hospital of the mother, which is a big
Tim Sackton: temple to the mother, which is one of the boss Numana gods, but also a hospital attached. And
Tim Sackton: we've been just trying to relocate people who are often not able to feed themselves and sometimes starving
Tim Sackton: at least 2.
Tim Sackton: This hospital, so they can all be cared for.
Tim Sackton: and if it's possible to cure them, they will hopefully eventually be cured.
David S. Kong: Do you have a treatment method for those that were.
Tim Sackton: The only ones who have seemed
Tim Sackton: able to speak are those who have been, who were controlled for less than a year.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But there are few of those.
Mike: Spoke to Gaspar earlier yesterday, assuring him of Fausto's demise, seemed to have helped.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: I will perhaps have you speak to one of my priests before you depart.
David S. Kong: Yeah, there were some techniques as well that I I
David S. Kong: I have some skills in in
David S. Kong: perceiving and engaging with the consciousness of people and
David S. Kong: I could see within Gaspar at least, the wounded
David S. Kong: kind of inner soul, as it were, and
David S. Kong: would be happy to speak with your priests about
David S. Kong: ways to more quickly heal those recovery.
Tim Sackton: He he! He!
Tim Sackton: On the the
Tim Sackton: arm of this sort of fancy chair not quite thrown. He sort of picks up what looks like a small polished stone.
Tim Sackton: Lists it up, and he says,
Tim Sackton: please ensure that the
Tim Sackton: priestess Floriana is available to speak with my
Tim Sackton: deal with Kenzo and Welby, who are here having an audience before they depart. The palace
Tim Sackton: have her waiting, please.
Tim Sackton: Then he puts it down.
Mike: Do you?
Mike: Do you know the full story of Apollyon?
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure anybody knows the full story of a Polyon.
Mike: Of the polyons demise, and what he was trying to do.
Tim Sackton: We have recovered many records of the cleansed.
Tim Sackton: Indeed, some that suggest the organization dates back all the way to the last days of drankor when they called themselves the omnis pura.
Mike: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed.
Tim Sackton: We know that
Tim Sackton: 30, just about 30 years ago.
Tim Sackton: cleanse seemed to grow in power.
Tim Sackton: We have not yet figured out what that might correlate with.
Tim Sackton: I, of course, do not know the full story of your time and drankor.
Tim Sackton: I am not sure if you have told that to anybody, but
Tim Sackton: we have learned what we can through questioning the gods
Tim Sackton: sign. Now, some basic details.
David S. Kong: Just mitigate. Don't, are you? Are you trying to explain more because.
Mike: Yeah, I think we should.
David S. Kong: Related to like charging in the working class stuff if you're but if you want to go into this, explain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should explain what we yeah. So I mean, I don't want to like role play that. But like we'll tell. I'll tell him the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the whole story.
Mike: The basic, pretty much the whole story. Everything you know about Napoleon, what he was trying to do.
David S. Kong: We should have let him out just a little bit, so everybody could have been really terrified. And then we kill him, and then we now it's all this. Oh, well, oh, that sounds! He sounded really scary. I guess we're happy that you prevented him from escaping. Yeah.
Mike: I will mention that Brown a little bit as one of the artifacts.
Mike: But not mention who has it or what happened to it. I guess he asks.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he clearly knows a reasonable amount about the crap, and Fasto's Tower had a lot of information about the crime.
Tim Sackton: You know he hasn't personally studied it, but.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, definitely. He's not a scholar right? Like he knows some details, but.
Mike: But also tell them what we know about like
Mike: where a Polyon came from, and a polyon sort of all to May.
Mike: the the origins that we know of on this part of the idea that, like forever, we drank Corian sort of.
Tim Sackton: Right, right.
Mike: Where that came from, and you know that.
Mike: I wonder. I wonder. I wonder if he is he rich?
Tim Sackton: The magistress.
Mike: Yeah. I wonder if he wants any of our like cool artifacts that we don't have any good use for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it'd be a really good thing to give him some like ancient art.
Mike: Yeah, like, like, you know, I'll mention
Mike: how may I'll tell them about the circular, actually, why not? We'll tell them everything we know. I'll tell them what we know about.
David S. Kong: What? What the fuck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no, no!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The second one.
Mike: He's the Emperor of Chardin. What the fuck! Why are we telling him everything, you know?
Mike: Why shouldn't we.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we don't know if we can trust him yet. Let him tell. We gotta let him tell us some shit, too. Right.
Mike: I'll notice that when I mentioned, you know, we flew across the ocean.
Mike: These guys, looking strange, you know, like deflect the story a little bit. It's like, yeah, there was. There was some.
Mike: you know, we found a Polyons tower, but I won't mention on what or where.
David S. Kong: This point in the conversation. He's gonna show us some shit like we're we may want to overthrow him. We're not trying to like
David S. Kong: then, okay, he's not our boss. He's not. We don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Still assassinate him. It's not too late.
Mike: That's true. We could.
David S. Kong: Well, that's
David S. Kong: I mean, Kenzel wants to wants to hear like what his perspective is on the chely trade, and what the fuck's going on with the people. Is he? Is he an admin or not? We don't know.
Mike: So yeah, I'll I'll mention upon his tower, and that before how he became a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, so.
Mike: That's fair.
Tim Sackton: The story goes on for a little while, you you tell them what you know.
Mike: But hold up in particular
Mike: does. I want to? One of the reasons for telling about all of our polygons, Doc
Mike: Drake, Cardian Purism type stuff is to watch his reaction.
David S. Kong: To what?
Mike: To watch his reaction.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Mike: How upset is he like? Is he like
Mike: white supremacy? Okay, as long as to keep it under the covers? Or is he like honestly like man. That was bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: I mean, Kenza would be better than doubt. Picking up on this.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, yeah, go ahead and make an insight check, not with advantage, because your soul site does not work on him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me do the same.
David S. Kong: 28.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: he, yeah, he's definitely not.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: So a lot of things are mixed up here right? Like, you know.
Tim Sackton: the last Emperor of Drankor, who
Tim Sackton: was actually turned into a lich and trapped in a temple by an evil dragon
Tim Sackton: like, you know, he's definitely horrified by this entire story. There's not any sense that he's like.
Mike: Oh, yeah, you know.
Tim Sackton: Actually, that would have been good, right? You know. He says that like, you know, as you're talking as you're telling the story, like, you know. Clearly he's thought a little bit about about Drankor. And you actually, Kenzo, you get the vibe that actually, he's
Tim Sackton: if anything, he's kind of sad about it right? He makes comments like, you know.
Tim Sackton: at its best, drank or lifted people up to live their best lives.
Tim Sackton: And you know there's almost this undercurrent of like.
Tim Sackton: you know, it collapsed in upon itself, and that was bad for the world. But it was bad.
Tim Sackton: not because Apollyons machinations were good, but because Apollyon destroyed something that, or
Tim Sackton: going way back to like the Civil War, destroyed something that.
Mike: Wits.
Tim Sackton: Was actually pretty good, like. There's some nostalgia there, but it's not for the Apollyon era. It's for like the
Tim Sackton: the Goalie games before that Shh.
David S. Kong: Alright! So we share all the stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: And then Kenzo been kind of pausing. How long has he been? The Emperor again.
Tim Sackton: 3 years.
David S. Kong: Says that you know that I mentioned earlier that I was
David S. Kong: born here North Side and grew up, grew up pretty rough, and I want to know what is your
David S. Kong: opinion on the Cheli trade and its impact
David S. Kong: on the people, both inside and outside the world.
Tim Sackton: He looks. He sort of turns and looks at you and gets.
Tim Sackton: you know his. His expression turns a bit grim, and
Tim Sackton: one reason I was interested in speaking with you is because perhaps you have a solution to these riots.
Tim Sackton: I have been.
Tim Sackton: I've been puzzling over the right approach here.
Tim Sackton: Do not wish to.
Tim Sackton: You do not wish anybody to die.
Tim Sackton: but tens of thousands will die more
Tim Sackton: if the chelate refineries cannot restart.
David S. Kong: Yeah, have you met with
David S. Kong: any of the leaders of the workers.
Tim Sackton: Leaders does not appear to me that there is a leadership to speak with.
David S. Kong: There's some I'm I'm hardened to hear your your interest in resolving this.
David S. Kong: My understanding. What we've learned is that the Chelite.
David S. Kong: the Cheli trade is controlled by primarily
David S. Kong: you know, 4 different families, the Araton, the who are your your family.
Tim Sackton: 0 smiles.
David S. Kong: Theldari, the pate Leos, and the cholerane.
David S. Kong: Do you have an opinion on these on how the Channelai trade is currently structured? And these families.
Tim Sackton: He kind of leans back and he crosses his arms.
Tim Sackton: The politics are indeed complex.
Tim Sackton: There is a challenge. Of course.
Tim Sackton: I could marched allegiance into the factories.
Tim Sackton: It could
Tim Sackton: summon the Curia and force them at sword part, or simply
Tim Sackton: by not wishing to disobey my wishes
Tim Sackton: to rewrite the rules for the Chelite monopoly.
Tim Sackton: But what would that actually accomplish
Tim Sackton: unless I'm prepared to march armies all the way to Volterra?
Tim Sackton: What's going to happen if I do that the northern provinces will declare themselves independent and break away.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps war with Volterra is inevitable.
Tim Sackton: But look around.
Tim Sackton: I am afraid we are not in a good position to win that war.
David S. Kong: And then where is the city?
Tim Sackton: We have no che light.
Tim Sackton: 6 months. Okay, fine.
Tim Sackton: A year from now. 2 years from now, phones start failing famine disease.
Tim Sackton: A year later bridge ceases to rise.
Tim Sackton: Trade is crushed.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we could probably find the older, less efficient magics
Tim Sackton: we might be able to restore some things.
Tim Sackton: City wasn't always powered by chelite. We could go back.
Tim Sackton: I would not have my rule known as
Tim Sackton: as the years in which the city took a giant step back into the past, and everybody's standards of living decreased, while hundreds of
Tim Sackton: maybe thousands, tens of thousands of people died from famine and sickness that could be prevented.
David S. Kong: What is your but what is your opinion of these families, these other families, all the control the chile.
Tim Sackton: They are a bomb that must be handled carefully.
Tim Sackton: or they will blow up in your face.
David S. Kong: Are? They are the 4 families. Are they cooperating together? Are they competing with each other? What are those dynamics like.
Tim Sackton: They certainly operate as one block in the Curia.
David S. Kong: Sorry the Curia again is.
David S. Kong: I'm saying it's Metagame.
Tim Sackton: So this is the Curia 42, the like elect semi elected council, but where? It seems clear that there's at least some vote buying, going on.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Tim Sackton: That they're the ones who, officially, according to the bureaucracy, have the power to sell the chelate monopoly.
Tim Sackton: So they're officially the ones who license
Tim Sackton: who is allowed to sell chalite, which is exactly what empowers the oligarchs.
Tim Sackton: because currently the 4 families are the only ones who have the chelate monopoly. Nobody else can sell chelite in any form except the final process, and this is the whole, like bribery and kickbacks to the Heteri magica to.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Ensure both the seller's monopoly and the buyer's monopoly.
David S. Kong: And how's the relationship with your family?
Tim Sackton: I've not spoken to most of them in years.
Tim Sackton: Honestly, I find them provincial.
David S. Kong: Despite your current status, they've not reached out.
Tim Sackton: Oh, they reach out every day. I have letters.
Tim Sackton: Why should I do them favors.
David S. Kong: So let me ask. I mean, if it's not clear.
David S. Kong: My perspective is representing those on on either side of the wall, and then that's what I care about.
David S. Kong: I'm heartened to hear that you seem open to solutions that can
David S. Kong: restore order, but also hopefully here.
David S. Kong: What I would love to see is just better lives for those there that they've got.
David S. Kong: They're going to do this work, that they also should be benefiting from the chelike.
David S. Kong: that they also should have power and agency over their lives. And what unfolds.
David S. Kong: that's what that's what I care about. That's what we care about here.
David S. Kong: What's his reaction to that.
Tim Sackton: Kind of gives you a sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know, raises his eye like
Tim Sackton: we all wish for nice things.
David S. Kong: Well, the difference between wishing for nice things and making them happen is you can make those things happen.
David S. Kong: You share that vision.
Tim Sackton: Northbank has never been good at politics.
David S. Kong: But do you care?
Tim Sackton: This.
Tim Sackton: No, I he sort of stops himself.
Tim Sackton: The the Empire.
Tim Sackton: There's more than anyone small block of its people.
Tim Sackton: The Empire is what lets everybody across this entire coast of the world live their lives in peace without
Tim Sackton: being destroyed by hobgoblin raiders from the hills, or undead from the crimson forest.
Tim Sackton: or monsters from the depths of the Nevo Sea, or incursions from the 9 hells.
Tim Sackton: I will not sacrifice the empire.
David S. Kong: Did I ask you to sacrifice the empire?
David S. Kong: I asked you if you were aligned with the vision of ensuring power, agency, and justice for those in those areas.
Tim Sackton: If it can be done without sacrificing the Empire.
David S. Kong: Why would you assume that doing that would sacrifice them.
Tim Sackton: Where is chelike? Gonna come from?
David S. Kong: Still come from the same place.
Tim Sackton: Not, if not, if we, the mining families.
Tim Sackton: were you not listening to what I just said?
David S. Kong: Of course I was listening to what you just said.
Tim Sackton: He sort of takes a breath.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I
Tim Sackton: do not mean to be short with you. I've spent many hours pondering this problem, and as a needle that is difficult to thread.
Tim Sackton: because if I antagonize those families, they have power over us.
Tim Sackton: unless we can find a new chelite supply independent from them
Tim Sackton: have to be careful about antagonizing them, because I do not know
Tim Sackton: that we can control Voltare, even if you volunteer to fly your mythical ship to the north
Tim Sackton: and rain down destruction on the city unless they submit.
Tim Sackton: I am not sure that with
Tim Sackton: the legions and with everything happening in the city.
Tim Sackton: I can project power that far and keep Chelite flowing.
David S. Kong: Metagame. Volterra is the city where all the chelate is in the 4 family.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like 2,000 miles to the north or not quite that.
Tim Sackton: It's the northern extent of the Empire.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It's it's 1,000 miles as the crow flies, but but longer
Tim Sackton: in terms of physical distance. And it's it's inland. So it's not. It can't be controlled by the Navy.
David S. Kong: So.
Mike: Are there? Are there other buyers they could sell to.
Tim Sackton: I mean, of course, the only thing stopping them is well
Tim Sackton: shale 8. Refining is not easy.
Tim Sackton: It requires ideally plentiful sources of heat.
Tim Sackton: We have extensive forests. So charcoal is not a problem. Voltara is not so blessed.
Tim Sackton: But there are other solutions there.
Tim Sackton: There's stone that can be mined from the mountains and burned produces great heat, or who knows?
Tim Sackton: Venture further north? There's all kinds of possibilities. There's volcanoes. There's I chelate. Refining is
Tim Sackton: easier in Chardon because we have the infrastructure and the knowledge
Tim Sackton: it is not impossible to do elsewhere.
Tim Sackton: That is not the leverage that it might appear to be.
David S. Kong: So, but fundamentally the source of the chain light isn't enough.
David S. Kong: and it is currently controlled by these families.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
David S. Kong: In your ideal scenario.
David S. Kong: What would the system look like.
Tim Sackton: You not waste much time considering practical ideals.
David S. Kong: Well, you're now talking with 3.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, you're we.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps that's true. There is a lot that maybe one could. You could accomplish.
David S. Kong: My point is simple. Okay.
David S. Kong: A year ago I would never ask these types of questions, but seeing what I've seen now, and going through what we've gone through collectively.
David S. Kong: My view is, why don't we go try to imagine the world that we want, and let's go make that happen. If there is a way that we can create a more just system for daylight, where the politics are rearranged in some fashion the people in the North have benefit, and
David S. Kong: you know, perhaps we can all win here. But what would that look like? You know the politics of the North? We don't know the politics of the North.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: We're it.
Tim Sackton: My friend. Tiberius, of course, is always telling me the windcallers should be in charge of chelate production.
Tim Sackton: They would run it safely.
Tim Sackton: I suspect that would be better for your friends on the north bank as well.
David S. Kong: Well, yes and no. I mean, if the chain light industry removed and the refining process removed from the north, then what would they do? What would their livelihoods be? What would their jobs be?
Tim Sackton: No, I think the wind collars would.
David S. Kong: Would still work with them.
Tim Sackton: If there was a if we had another source of chelite that wasn't from the Volterra mines.
David S. Kong: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: Then the oligarchs, 4 families would have no
Tim Sackton: money to buy votes and win elections in the Curia.
Tim Sackton: There's no reason to think the windcallers couldn't propose a different rule for monopolies.
David S. Kong: Have you tried to find other sources of shay light.
Tim Sackton: We have.
David S. Kong: Any luck.
Tim Sackton: Maybe.
David S. Kong: Do you say it's not.
Tim Sackton: There was an expedition before my time, early in my aunts rule as magistrates
Tim Sackton: to the what the You, what the Dunmari call the Chatan Mountains, near north of Darba.
Tim Sackton: southern edge of the Emperor.
Tim Sackton: The much of the Yarad River valley had fallen under the protection of our imperial borders.
Tim Sackton: and as we pushed into the mountains.
Tim Sackton: Many of the details are actually
Tim Sackton: well, perhaps, are recorded somewhere in the University.
Tim Sackton: The Chardonian legions came face to face with a foe, a giant
Tim Sackton: that seemed to wield chelite magic against them.
Tim Sackton: and at the time did not seem worth the effort or the expense of trying to
Tim Sackton: infiltrate or destroy this emperor of giants who seemed to control chelite.
Tim Sackton: We have long suspected that there is Chelite in the Chattan mountains.
David S. Kong: Well, 20. Where's this.
Tim Sackton: It's like the the mountain range that's just north of Darba. That sort of separates Chardin from Denmark.
David S. Kong: Yeah keep talking.
Tim Sackton: That's sad.
Tim Sackton: There is, I believe, another option.
Tim Sackton: Again, that might require your help.
Tim Sackton: That might not be.
Tim Sackton: It might not lead to quite the ideal system, but I think would allow the politics
Tim Sackton: of the Chelite trade to be upended in a way that
Tim Sackton: leaves the families in the North away to save face.
Tim Sackton: I've long suspected that one or more of the 4 families have been buying votes in the Curia
Tim Sackton: for a long time.
Tim Sackton: The south bank there are, as you may know, 42
Tim Sackton: counts of members of the Curia, and only only
Tim Sackton: 6 precincts on the north bank. Sorry. Only 5 precincts on the north bank.
Tim Sackton: so if the South were unified against them.
Tim Sackton: there's no reason why a new arrangement could not be push through.
Tim Sackton: But to do that in a way that does not fracture the Empire
Tim Sackton: cannot risk the northern provinces without a
Tim Sackton: confirmed, reliable source of chelate, but I believe evidence of
Tim Sackton: bribery and vote buying by one of the 4 families ideally
Tim Sackton: the smallest one of the 4 families, one that could be.
Tim Sackton: the other 3 could be convinced to kicked to the curb
Tim Sackton: could be presented in such a way as to
Tim Sackton: allow the oligarchs to retain some benefits.
Tim Sackton: but be forced to accept a fair arrangement, one that would perhaps break the control of the Volterra families
Tim Sackton: of the refinery trade, while leaving them in possession of the mines
Tim Sackton: by arranging for the sale of the monopoly to the wind cars.
David S. Kong: But this would have to be done very carefully.
Tim Sackton: We would need incontrovertible evidence, bribery.
David S. Kong: So metagame. I think we're losing microchwartz.
Tim Sackton: You guys awake.
David S. Kong: But that's.
Mike: I'm listening.
David S. Kong: Okay, that's okay. That's okay.
David S. Kong: this is good. Because Kenza's plan was either to for all of us to travel to the north and assassinate the 4 families. That was like 1 1 potential
David S. Kong: good plan.
David S. Kong: But but now that there's this like Emperor Chely Giant, for us to go and you know, find and kill and take over this new chelite thing that feels appealing.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah. So in in game, Kenza has been listening to this whole whole thing and says,
David S. Kong: this is all very interesting intriguing, and
David S. Kong: you know I've been very plain, and I know you have to think about the Empire, and all of these other
David S. Kong: more these larger, larger view items.
David S. Kong: But you understand where we come from in terms of who you're advocating for.
David S. Kong: and I think we could come to an agreement
David S. Kong: if we go and discover this other source of che light, and can bring that into under control.
David S. Kong: I think I would be open, and we would be open
David S. Kong: to helping to establish a new chelite refinery process. But
David S. Kong: My my stipulations here would be.
David S. Kong: There is a leadership that is emerging amongst the workers in the North, beyond and above, beyond, and within the walls.
David S. Kong: And there is some organizing that's happening amongst those folks, and they would need to be leaders. And at the table here, as a part of this larger process, with the windcallers they could handle the refiner. They could handle the refinement.
David S. Kong: but
David S. Kong: the benefits of that Cheli would need to be felt in those neighborhoods. The people there would have to have dignity would have to have some control, and some say so that the conditions could be.
David S. Kong: you know, not just dignified, but also really really
David S. Kong: allowing the prosperity of Chelite and the prosperity of Chardin to be felt in a meaningful way
David S. Kong: if that could be done, and if you could provide assurances that that would happen.
David S. Kong: I think we could go and handle
David S. Kong: getting access to this new source of shaling.
Tim Sackton: I happily speak, for the wind collars.
David S. Kong: Sorry. Go ahead. What does he say?
Tim Sackton: I will happily speak for the windcallers, and promise on their behalf, but should the monopoly
Tim Sackton: on Chalite be granted to them, they will negotiate with whomever the people of
Tim Sackton: the Cheleh levels and the riverside elect as their representatives to ensure
Tim Sackton: fair wages and safe working conditions.
Tim Sackton: I will, furthermore, I do not know what
Tim Sackton: the Chalite levels were like when you grow up, but until this recent disruption we had finished installing
Tim Sackton: chalite purified water across the entire north bank inside the walls.
Tim Sackton: and I have been negotiating with several of my cousins.
Tim Sackton: who own large swaths of the land in the extramural precincts
Tim Sackton: on where to place, and who will pay for chelite maintenance of new water and sewer
Tim Sackton: to be installed in Riverside and the basin as well.
Tim Sackton: We'll say those negotiations have not been going well.
Tim Sackton: It seems
Tim Sackton: my cousins refuse to pay even minimal fees to ensure that the people who live on their land do not die of sickness which seems
Tim Sackton: both immoral and terribly short-sighted to me.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: if I control the chelate mines that you find for me, he's smiling now in the Chattan Mountains. I can kick them to the curb.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you would need to do that, because I think as a part of this agreement, the ownership of those lands, we need to return to the people.
Tim Sackton: Well, if, as I predict, the cost of this endeavor is the northern provinces breaking from the empire.
Tim Sackton: then by default, all that land will become the imperial domain.
Tim Sackton: It's not a problem.
Tim Sackton: I will give it to you, Kenzo, to do with as you see fit.
Tim Sackton: Should you bring me a new source of chelate. I will grant you all the lands currently possessed
Tim Sackton: within the precincts of Chardin.
Tim Sackton: Bye, the 4 oligarch families for you to dispose of, as you would wish.
David S. Kong: Woo-hoo.
Tim Sackton: But you must establish a reliable, independent source of Chalite for me.
David S. Kong: Hence I wasn't laughing. I'll laugh at it. That's me.
David S. Kong: Sorry. Sorry I'm cackling a little too much.
David S. Kong: Give us all the information you have about these these giants, everything we want to know, everything that you you can, and any detail you can spare.
Tim Sackton: I am not a scholar.
David S. Kong: That's fine. Tell us, give us, give us what point us to whomever you have. Yeah, whatever experts you have, whatever artifacts lore, tell us tell us everything.
David S. Kong: not right now, but just.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's thinking, I will.
Tim Sackton: I will prepare some information for you.
Tim Sackton: You may.
Tim Sackton: It may take a couple of days.
David S. Kong: Fine. We're not in a rush.
Tim Sackton: You are not in a rush, but
Tim Sackton: do not think this situation is going to be stable for much longer.
David S. Kong: We will move with haste. As soon as we get the information we need, we will move urgently to
David S. Kong: address this situation.
David S. Kong: That's a Metagame. Where is this? How far away is this place.
Tim Sackton: It from Chardon.
Tim Sackton: It's like it's like 5 little under 500 ish miles. It's like a 2 day flight in Vidyasharna.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
David S. Kong: Perfect. Great.
David S. Kong: Okay. Well.
Tim Sackton: He. He pauses for a moment. This this is a risky undertaking.
David S. Kong: I am fully cognizant of your.
Tim Sackton: Abilities, and, as already expressed, I am greatly appreciative of your ability to well destroy powerful evil
Tim Sackton: that has threatened all of the peoples of Talgar.
Tim Sackton: But remember, this is a danger that the might of the Chardonian legions decided was not worth the risk.
Tim Sackton: and I will, just before you commit.
Tim Sackton: Are you sure a little
Tim Sackton: light infiltration would not be preferable? I know it maybe leaves the world, and not a perfect state as you wish.
Tim Sackton: but you know, break into one of these oligarchs. Mansions steal some evidence.
David S. Kong: Oh, that. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Just leaving it as an option for you to consider.
David S. Kong: Oh, of.
Tim Sackton: Of course, I think.
Tim Sackton: should you go find this new Chalite mine. Chardon will be better off, even if we lose the North.
David S. Kong: Oh, sorry! I thought you needed both those things to be true. I thought I thought you needed the evidence, and then also the the new source of chain link. But.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no! If I have a if I have a source of chelate fully under the control of the wind collars.
Tim Sackton: I I will sacrifice the North for that.
Tim Sackton: The oligarchs have been a thorn in my side since I've been in power.
Tim Sackton: Now some of that, maybe, was Fausto manipulating things behind the scenes, but.
David S. Kong: So.
David S. Kong: But in this latter case to go infiltrate the North. If we found this evidence, then how would you proceed.
Tim Sackton: If there's evidence that.
David S. Kong: Evidence of bribery.
Tim Sackton: The smallest of the 4 families, the Beldari.
Tim Sackton: If there's a way that they can be set up to take the blame.
Tim Sackton: I think I can convince at least my cousins and
Tim Sackton: the Calorians, who have usually followed my family's lead to turn on the Veldari.
David S. Kong: And in doing so.
Tim Sackton: And in doing so convince the Curia to renegotiate
Tim Sackton: a deal. Now the cost of this, in order to let everybody save face.
Tim Sackton: probably need to make it look like it's the Veldari family working alone.
Tim Sackton: and I will not be able to give you all the land that belongs to the oligarchs, but
Tim Sackton: think we can force through contract requirements at least something as simple as if you can convince your
Tim Sackton: friends in the Chile levels to organize themselves into a guild of chelite workers.
Tim Sackton: A simple rule requiring chelate, fat chelate refineries only be staffed by members of the Chelite refiners. Guild
Tim Sackton: gives your worker friends a great deal of power over their conditions, because there is no.
Tim Sackton: I will certainly send the legions to enforce the law if necessary, but
Tim Sackton: do not think under this situation we can upend the property structure of the North.
David S. Kong: Metagame.
David S. Kong: If we had Rizwyn and Seeker, we, the 5 of us, should totally go take on these fucking like J light giants like we killed fucking. We killed Fausta. We killed, you know. We killed fucking Apollyon.
Tim Sackton: Metagame like you could totally do either one. It's just a question of whether you want to go fight giants in the mountains, or
Tim Sackton: you're a heist.
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't worry about like it being too hard like.
David S. Kong: Okay. Okay, okay, yeah. I'm just saying it'd be like, because fighting giants in the mountains means that the people get full control of the lands.
Mike: I'm I would. We should add, okay.
Mike: in the interest of wrapping up and making the bit of decision and doing a few last things
Mike: we should thank the Emperor. Tell him, you know.
Mike: we need a day to see what information he has. Yeah, right it would be. It would be
Mike: irresponsible, you know we can't just.
David S. Kong: Decide right. This second, give, give us a day.
Mike: Right. Secondly, he has a whole bunch of legions currently camped outside.
David S. Kong: Totally totally bring the fucking legions to to help fight the the put them under our command, and then we'll.
Mike: That was totally I was gonna suggest, as a gesture of good faith. Could he have the lesions just march
Mike: away so that they're not quite so.
Mike: What I'm thinking is, it would be very useful if we could convince all the workers to hold, to basically go back to work, even under bad conditions, for a month.
Mike: to give us time to figure out what we're doing right.
David S. Kong: What do you mean? Figure out what we're doing like? Go.
Mike: That.
David S. Kong: You go, execute the plan.
Mike: Yeah. Well, to get to make the plan slightly less fresh, so that we could retreat
Mike: if we go down towards the Giants and decide. It's like insane and too difficult. And we're all gonna die right. If everything
Mike: wet.
David S. Kong: And just told us it's not.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't mean you can. You can't fail. It just means.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but.
Mike: I guess I was thinking about this when when I thought Tim might have been setting us up to.
David S. Kong: We can choose what we want to do here like. But it's not gonna like we're we're like, gonna die right? So.
Mike: Still think it would be crazy to
Mike: try to establish a little bit more of a lasting peace
Mike: right a month or so of like
Mike: of like no riots, no barricades, no.
Mike: but I think the only way we could convince somebody like Red to do that is, if we could show that
Mike: we had some pull by, like getting the legions to march away from her house
Mike: so, and he would presumably only agree, I mean, but we have to then show that we have Po with red by getting red to go off barricades right.
Tim Sackton: So the real problem with that is, whatever
Tim Sackton: plan you do has to be executed without any of the oligarchs getting wind of it.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Because if you're gonna play a sneaky deal to infiltrate, if you're going to do a heist, they can't know about that. A heist is going down.
Tim Sackton: If you're going to establish a new tail light supply, they can't know.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, this has to be.
Tim Sackton: Establishing a new tail light supply.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I think, I think, look, the.
Mike: You think.
David S. Kong: The article.
Mike: Let it, let it.
David S. Kong: It looked like. The conditions are what they are. We will get this sorted in a couple of weeks, no matter what the city got it. They just got a fucking.
Mike: Alright!
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could like, tell the workers like, Look, we're working on it. Don't risk your lives unnecessarily.
David S. Kong: Exactly. Yeah, don't. Don't don't like. Give us a couple of weeks to go and and try to figure this out we've got. We've got some solutions here, but
David S. Kong: but don't give us a couple of weeks.
Mike: I, but we got to be pretty careful about what we tell them, because.
David S. Kong: Oh, we're not gonna tell shit we can't.
Mike: Spies. I mean anything we say, express.
David S. Kong: We're not. We're not telling anybody shit about anything. This is all all you know. We express that to the Emperor this has to be done with the utmost discretion on both sides. And if we feel, if we sense that there's any any.
David S. Kong: yeah, this just has to be, this is total trust right now that we're.
Tim Sackton: I mean. And your sense is like he's okay with the Heist plan.
Tim Sackton: But, like clearly based on the fact that he's willing to offer Kenzo a huge amount of land.
Tim Sackton: He would be really happy to just hand over a light source directly to the wind collars.
David S. Kong: Totally. Totally. But this is this is what we want. I think this is this is, I think, fuck the heist. Let's go kill some giants.
Mike: Alright!
David S. Kong: Are you? Are you good with killing giants?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I? Yeah, I'm all. Let's go redraw the borders of the Chardonian Empire. I love it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's go do this shit. Let's go. Yeah, we're gonna go do the things in fantasy world that we want to do in real life that we can. So let's go kill some giants and, fucking, redistribute the lands to all of the people in the North or Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Or Kenzo could just become a massive landlord.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean.
Tim Sackton: And so we're in charge.
Tim Sackton: One of the risks.
Tim Sackton: Just people in Chardon.
David S. Kong: This is. This is a classic. Kenz has got the crown again, but he's he's gonna do the right thing. He'll do it.
David S. Kong: Do the right thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
David S. Kong: He might enjoy. He might hold the deed on all those lands, for, like a hot second in his hands, and just kind of feel it, feel it, and stroke the paper a little bit, and then he'll he'll redistribute the power.
David S. Kong: you guys down to kill some giants.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it's, I think we should stop. We should stop here. This is a perfect spot to stop. So next time, which is not which is for a month in a month.
Tim Sackton: But what I'm gonna do
Tim Sackton: this is counting on you, maybe not actually reading what I send you, but at least having some notes that you can skim at the beginning of the session. What I'm going to do is I'm gonna send you the
Tim Sackton: packet of information about the giants that he's going to prepare over the next couple of days in Chardon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: By email at some point when I write it.
Tim Sackton: and then we can pick up
Tim Sackton: cause like I'm you know, it's fine to stretch this out right, but
Tim Sackton: I don't want this to go till September, because we've got.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: we we I mean, it's as long as you want. We could kill the giants. It's how, how complex do you want the fight?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like, it's like 2 sessions. Probably.
Mike: But I'm happy to start the next session like.
Tim Sackton: What I'm proposing is, let's start the next session, like in transit, perfect. The giants roughly.
David S. Kong: That's great!
Tim Sackton: And I'll just assume the next couple of days in Chardon are like buying rings of fire resistance, and this sort of careful negotiation with the
Tim Sackton: with red. And people just to like, you know.
Tim Sackton: don't get killed because things might change, but without giving them any information.
David S. Kong: And then also based on the research, like, if it's like, Oh, they're thunder giants we're gonna buy. We're gonna try and get some like anti thunder stuff, you know, like what.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you can do we can do. We can. I'll just give you a I'll basically give you a bastion turn like, even though it's only 2 days like while you're traveling. So you can get stuff that way.
Tim Sackton: I actually made a whole new little page on
Tim Sackton: here. It's like all it's all like fancy and laid out, and it even has, like an example.
Tim Sackton: bastion turn of everything you might do, and everything's linked
Tim Sackton: so like. I don't know if anybody's gonna look at it. But you can get stuff that way. If there's a magic item you want to buy, because you think you need it like we can. We can retcon all that at the beginning of the session. But I just wanna
Tim Sackton: I want to sort of pick up again
Tim Sackton: in transit, and then we'll do the mountain adventure, and then I want to have time to do like at least a half session of denouement back in chart. And so I don't. Wanna
Tim Sackton: I wanna like get into the action for the next session.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Correct.
Mike: Sweet. Let's go kill some shay light giants.
Tim Sackton: Good, awesome. So good night, everybody. So we're next. Our next session is
Tim Sackton: July 9.th It's in a month.
Tim Sackton: So when Mike's back from Africa, basically.
Mike: Sounds, sounds, good.
Tim Sackton: Awesome. See you then see you all then.
Tim Sackton: and maybe Seeker will join for this adventure. Hell seeker's at least definitely going to send send Seeker 3,
Tim Sackton: so you'll have his. You'll have
Tim Sackton: some of his magic to help out. He just won't get spell slots back so.
David S. Kong: All right.
Tim Sackton: Hi! There!
Tim Sackton: Everybody!
Mike: Awesome.
Mike: Right.